Reporter Jennifer Griffin has been on the road today , heading south from Beirut , and she joins us by phone from Tyre .
Good morning , Jennifer .
Hello .
What are you seeing on the coast road there as you head south from Beirut ?
Well , the cars are jam-packed bumper to bumper all the way from Beirut to Tyre .
People are packed 10 and 12 per car .
They have mattresses strapped to the roofs of their car because they 're not really sure what they 're going to see when they get to the other end.
They 're not sure whether their houses survived all the bombing attacks and they 're not sure where they 're going to sleep tonight .
There are a lot of people who have tied black ribbons to their antennas in memory of the dead , the people who have died in the last 16 days .
And I wonder how much faith do they put in this cease-fire ?
Well , the people of Lebanon , they 've seen a lot of war and they 've seen a lot of broken cease-fires , but right now they think this cease-fire is going to hold .
They 're confident that it 's going to last , but the question is for how long .
What I 've been hearing from people I 've been talking to is that they feel that it 's only a matter of time before the hostilities reach a level where there 's more fighting .
How bad is the destruction in Southern Lebanon ?
Are the roads open ?
Are the villages habitable at this point ?
It 's really unbelievable .
The roads from Tyre out to the smaller villages are completely cratered with bomb holes where rockets and shells have fallen .
I mean , some of the- most of the roads are really impassable , and a lot of the cars are being stopped and made to wait while the U.N. tries to make sort of alternative routes into these villages , but it 's really difficult because these are mountainous areas .
The destruction is massive .
There are many homes along the route that have been- that are just rubble and that , combined with the craters in the road , it 's just- it 's quite a scene .
What about reconstruction ?
It 's early yet , but are there plans afoot to begin reconstructing ?
Yeah , there are some plans .
The French have had a big presence here since the fighting began and they 've vowed to help with some of the electric transformers that were destroyed when the Israelis bombed Beirut , and they 've offered to bring two transformers in , but the government estimates it 'll cost about $ 80 million to get the electricity back up and running .
What did the immediate future look like to most of the people you 're speaking with ?
A lot of the people are just trying to get on with their lives .
They 're worried about their homes and , you know , already people are sweeping out the homes , trying to make them livable again .
I talked to one boy who five days ago was hit by an incoming Israeli shell .
He was sitting in the second floor of his house in a little village Yadir [ sp ] , which is near Khana [ sp ] , and his face is totally scarred from the burns from that attack , and he and his family ca n't reach their home right now because the road is destroyed , but they 're waiting for the U.N. to help them .
He said that his house right now looks like a carton with the edges folded in , and he says that he 's going to be ready the next time Israeli shells fall , he 's going to join Hezbollah .
Thanks very much , Jennifer .
Thanks , Neal .
Reporter Jennifer Griffin speaking with us from Tyre , Lebanon .
The Whitewater verdicts have caused an embarrassment of political riches for Arkansas ' Republican Lieutenant Governor , Mike Huckabee .
Since Democratic Governor Jim Guy Tucker is resigning , Huckabee will be taking over the governor 's office by July .
But Huckabee already is the GOP nominee for a U.S. Senate seat .
Is a statehouse in the hand worth a senate seat in the Beltway ?
Well , Huckabee will let everybody know tomorrow .
Whether he is heeding strategists ' advice or his own political instincts , Bob Dole is staying mum about the Whitewater verdicts .
But he has not been silent about crime and the president 's record on it.
Tomorrow Mr. Clinton will endorse the right of communities to use curfews to curb gang violence .
It was an issue Bob Dole addressed today .
More from CNN 's Candy Crowley .
On a hit-and-run campaign swing through California , Dole stopped off in a Southern California park to speak in praise of community anti-gang efforts .
They made it work , because they got tired of it.
They wanted their children to enjoy the parks , not the criminals enjoy the parks , They were n't built for criminals , they were built for you .
Crime is the focal point of Dole 's current trip to California .
Mr. President , I 'm sorry you took off three years .
You were AWOL for three years .
You were absent without leadership on the drug program for three years , and election year conversion is not going to do any good .
This trip out west had overriding [ audio break ] .
Dole is here , not for the first time .
Not for the last .
And we 're going to come to California if it takes a week , it takes two weeks - whatever it takes , we want to win this state .
But no trip to California will be more important to Dole than the one he will take in August .
In a preview of what 's to come , Dole dropped by the San Diego Convention Center for a peek at the place where he will officially become the Republican nominee for president .
-have a great party here .
It 's going to be a start on the road to victory , right here .
Being here is important to California Republicans , a sensitive lot who think they lost a number of local seats when George Bush abandoned the state months ahead of the election .
Ken Kachigian , a former Reagan operative in charge of Dole 's California efforts , says , step one is showing up.
Then step number two is to have an aggressive campaign defining- we have to redefine President Clinton , we have to start letting people get exposed to Bob Dole .
But it 's a long- it 's a big hill , a long trip .
The Dole campaign hopes to pick up support on three main issues at the heart of California politics - crime , border patrol , and affirmative action .
Dole has already said he supports a California initiative which would dismantle most affirmative action programs .
As for Whitewater , Dole will let others parse the politics .
As Kachigian put it , when there 's a freight train coming down the tracks , it does n't make a lot of sense to stand in the way of it.
Candy Crowley , CNN , with the Dole campaign , Redondo Beach , California .
Breaking news coming from the Air Force on the wake of the crash of that jet in Croatia the killed Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and the troupe that was traveling with him .
We go now to CNN 's Carl Rochelle , who 's at the White House this morning , for that latest on that .
Carl .
Leon , the word from the Air Force in Europe that the three most-immediate commanders of the group that was in charge of that airplane have been relieved of duty , have been fired by the Air Force .
Based on facts developed during the investigation of the April 3rd crash that killed Ron Brown and his party , we are told that Major General Charles Heffelbauer [ sp ] , the commander of the 17th Air Force in Europe has lost confidence in the ability of the commander , the vice-commander , and the group operations commander of the 86th Airlift Wing which is based at Ramstein Air Base in Germany , and that is the unit that had the overview of that aircraft , a militarized version of the Boeing 737 , and we 're told the general relieved those three men of duty Wednesday evening .
That was with the concurrence of the commander of U.S. forces in Europe , General Michael Ryan [ sp ] .
The officers relieved were Brigadier General William Stevens [ sp ] , a former commander of the 86th Airlift Wing ; Colonel Roger W. Hanson [ sp ] , former vice-commander of the 86th Airlift Wing ; and Colonel John E. Mazurowsky [ sp ] , former operations commander- former commander of the 86th Operations Group .
Now , the men are being immediately replaced in that job , but there are no other further details available at this time as to the reasons why .
Obviously , something was developed in the course of the investigation , but they say they wo n't release any details of exactly what they discovered that led them to take this action until after the investigation is completed and the results are released .
But again , Leon , the three senior commanders who were involved in the oversight of the operation of that aircraft that took Ron Brown and his party to their deaths have been relieved of duty .
Leon .
All right .
Carl , we understand your information is somewhat sketchy at this point , but if you can tell us right now if you 've heard anything else about maybe if any of their subordinates are also going to be charged with anything or if there are going to be any other shoes dropping for anyone beneath these gentlemen ?
Well actually , there have n't been any charges , Leon , and make it clear on that .
It is sometimes that these are the people who are in charge of the unit and when the unit fails in its mission , and clearly it does when an airplane crashes and people are killed , then very often the senior people in charge have to take the brunt for that because it is considered in the military regime that somehow beneath them the actions were n't taken , the orders were n't given , the right personnel were n't in place to perform the mission .
It is unclear exactly what they found in that investigation .
You know , they never have come down with a reason for the crash .
It 's clear that the aircraft was off course .
It was not flying directly to the airport , but went off in the mountains .
We do know that the transportation command inside the United States had ruled that airport only available for landing , safe for landing , during VFR day-time weather .
That means a nice , sunny day like today here in Washington or during the daytime , but not at night and not in inclement conditions .
But the unit in Europe had not done that , and so that 's one area that might be into question .
Also some of the training and procedures might be into questions .
That all remains to be seen , Leon .
All right , Carl .
Quickly , if you can tell us where , right now , the brigadier general and the two colonels are right now ?
Do you know ?
The names of the-
Do you know where they are ?
Do you know where they are ?
Oh , do I know where they are ?
They have not been sent back to the United States .
OK.
One would assume they 're still in Europe .
All right , fine .
Thanks .
Carl Rochelle reporting to us live from the White House , working that story from there .
Thanks so much , we 'll see you .
Direct talks did n't work , and mediators did n't help .
Now the FBI may be turning to a religious expert to help end the standoff at the Freemen standoff in Montana .
A member of a religious think tank from Houston is now meeting with federal agents .
CNN 's Don Knapp joins us live from Montana with more , now .
Don ?
Bobbie , it is , as you can see , a wet , rainy , grey muddy morning here in Montana with no sign of activity on the Freemen ranch this morning ; no sign of any activity on the part of the FBI .
We know that work is continuing in an effort to put generators on the neighboring ranches so that , at some point , the FBI will be allowed to- or will be able to shut off power to the Freemen .
But , as you point out , there is some activity underway .
The FBI has brought in a religious expert .
He is Philip Arnold [ sp ] , an associate at the Reunion Institute in Houston and a member of the Religious Freedom Task Force .
He is said to be consulting with the FBI and , the Department of Justice told CNN they have not ruled out his acting as a negotiator .
They say that he is an expert on this sort of unconventional barrier situation .
He 's been critical of the FBI 's handling- or the federal government 's handling of the incident at Waco that cost so many lives .
Meanwhile , in Billings , Montana , yesterday , there was a hearing for two of the original Freemen whose arrests triggered this standoff , along with three other associates .
The hearing became unruly .
Two Freemen were evicted from the courtroom , and the judge did grant the prosecution a little more time to prepare for trial .
Bobbie ?
Don Knapp near Brusett , Montana , thanks very much .
What could be more frustrating than wasting time stuck in traffic ?
But imagine a future where you could read a book while a computer takes the wheel .
As Dick Wilson explains , the era of automated driving could be just down the road .
Pull up alongside a vehicle of the not-so-distant future and take a good look inside Researchers call them Smart Cars and they could give the phrase `` back seat driver ' a whole new meaning .
That 's the goal , actually , of the automated highway system- is to allow a commuter on his morning commute to sit back and , you know , catch up on work , make phone calls .
Scientists at Carnegie Mellon University have been building prototypes of automated , driver-less vehicles for the last 10 years .
Five years ago , the vehicle dubbed Nav Lab [ sp ] Two was a bulky Humvee , loaded down with cumbersome computers and camera systems .
The gear enabled the computer program to see the road .
Today , Nav Lab Five is a streamlined package that fits into a sedan , and its systems can help if there 's someone at the wheel , as well .
These vehicles here are designed both for automated steering like the Humvees , but also to monitor human drivers ' performance , to warn them if they 're going to get in an accident .
So , if I start to drift to the inside , it 'll trigger an alarm as soon as my wheel- one of the tires gets outside the lane boundary .
The system relies on a small video camera inside the car to see what 's going on outside .
It looks for lane markers on the highway to help keep the car and the driver on the road .
The camera 's mounted just below the rear view mirror , and it looks at a trapezoidal shape 20 meters ahead of the vehicle .
The image is analyzed by a portable , computer workstation mounted inside the car , powered by the cigarette lighter .
In a test last summer , a Nav Lab van traveled from Washington to San Diego .
More than 90 percent of the trip was driven and controlled by the computer , just about everything but the breaks .
But there were some bumps in the road .
It has trouble in situations that human drivers sometimes have trouble in also .
The one- one of the most difficult situations is a rainy night with on-coming headlights sort of blinding you because of the reflections off the roadway .
Researchers expect it will be another 10 years or so before they get all the bugs worked out of an automated driving system , but the accident warning program could be added to existing vehicles within two years , initially to trucks which researchers say have a high accident rate .
One in four heavy trucks are involved in this kind of accident within their operational lifetime , so it would be a monetary win for trucking companies if we could sell it for $ 2,000 .
The goal is to make the highways a little safer by keeping an extra eye on the road and one day two hands off the wheel .
Dick Wilson , CNN , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Questions about the future of the Middle East peace process will soon be addressed by the one man who may have the answers .
Israel 's new prime minister elect , Benjamin Netanyahu , will outline his policies Sunday in a victory speech .
He spent the Jewish Sabbath quietly with family and friends .
As CNN 's Jill Dougherty reports , the White House is already trying to calm Netanyahu 's critics .
Benjamin Netanyahu 's victory jarred many in the Arab world , but the Clinton administration has been in close touch with Arab leaders since , reassuring them the U.S. will continue its efforts at peace and urging them not to pre-judge the prime minister elect .
Saturday President Clinton said , `` Give him time . '
I think we ought to give the new prime minister a chance to put his government together and develop a policy .
He says he wants to continue the process and I think that- I hope that the friends of peace in the Arab world will continue to be committed to that .
Mr. Clinton cited comments by Netanyahu at the end of the election campaign and a phone conversation the two had Friday .
The president also said he was encouraged by public comments from Jordan 's King Hussein whom Netanyahu telephoned shortly after his victory .
He assured me that he was going to do whatever he could to bring on the subject towards our objective , our common objective , of a comprehensive peace in this area .
Netanyahu says he opposed return of the Golan Heights to Syria and creation of a Palestinian state .
But one Mideast observer claims the incoming prime minister knows it 's in Israel 's interest to preserve the gains it has made from the peace process and to maintain a good relationship with its Arab neighbors .
I do n't think Netanyahu intends to kill the peace process .
I think he intends to bargain harder and maybe not make as many concessions as his predecessors .
But the world will not come to an end.
The Clinton administration has a vested interest in downplaying any setback to the peace process .
After all , President Clinton has pinned a major part of his international policy reputation on it.
And , looking ahead , another challenge looms in another part of the world , as Russian voters decide the fate of Boris Yeltsin just two weeks from now .
Jill Dougherty , CNN , the White House .
It was home to Al Capone , and the Birdman of Alcatraz .
For nearly 30 years , the island prison in San Francisco Bay housed some of the worst criminals in the U.S.
Now , as CNN 's Paul Vercammen reports , the prison know as `` The Rock ' goes from the big house to the big screen , again .
Movie goers are gearing up to enter The Rock starring Sean Connery , Nicholas Cage , and Ed Harris .
They shot much of this fiery frantic tale on Alcatraz , the infamous island prison that housed some of the most savage inmates ever to serve time .
Alcatraz is an unsafe place to actually make a movie in many ways , because there are cliffs and rotting , corroding steel pipes everywhere , and old nails sticking up.
Alcatraz opened as a prison in 1934 , was shut down in 1963 by Attorney General Robert Kennedy , due to its deteriorating conditions .
And as director Michael Bay told us , in the early stages of filming The Rock , it 's downright creepy .
When you walk into the set , sometimes you 're alone in the main cell block and you 're seeing , like , Al Capone lived here- it 's just bizarre .
I mean , because these cells are really , really small .
They 're five by seven , and they 're really low ceilings .
They 're like six-something .
Nicknamed `` Hellcatraz , ' `` Devil 's Island , ' or `` The Rock , ' Bay 's film is not the first time Hollywood has romanced the stone .
Just last year , Kevin Bacon and Christian Slater probed brutality on Alcatraz in Murder In The First .
Burt Lancaster received an Oscar nomination for his performance in Birdman of Alcatraz , while Clint Eastwood chipped away at the Rock in Escape From Alcatraz .
Escape ?
That 's just what Sean Connery 's character did , as revealed in the latest Alcatraz movie .
His name is John Mason , a British national incarcerated on Alcatraz in 1962 .
The government needs Mason 's inside-out knowledge of the prison and the expertise of an FBI scientist played by Cage .
It 's a big problem .
I mean , it 's like anything Stan Goodspeed [ sp ] has encountered before .
I mean , I- the whole San Francisco Bay area is in dire jeopardy .
We 've put him in a circumstance like this , where he 's really just wants to survive and get out of it and that 's the end of it and he 's sucked in by this guy whose totally ill-equipped for this job as well .
The job is to end a chemical weapons threat against the Bay Area by a maniacal general played by Ed Harris .
You 're right .
I do n't use guns and I do n't kick down doors .
This is what I do .
I have n't got my glasses .
The combination of Connery and Cage provides comic relief from rapidfire cuts and moving shots .
His character and my character were kind of perfect combination to get laughs .
So these highly respected actors traded lines where highly feared inmates once traded insults .
Paul Vercammen , CNN Entertainment News , Los Angeles .
During the summit meetings , Secretary of State Warren Christopher and Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen dropped in on the inaugural meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Moscow and offered some encouragement .
Instead of new aid , the Clinton administration is pushing private Americans investment .
Long-promised government-backed loan guarantees for American businesses have finally kicked in , but American businessmen in Russia still feel like pioneers in a wild frontier that is hard to tame .
NPR 's Anne Garrels reports .
Five years ago Alex Papacristo [ sp ] was one of the few American lawyers in Moscow and the only one representing his firm , White & Case .
Now the office has 12 lawyers .
The Russian capital is awash in consultants and accountants .
Hotels have sprung up catering to the swelling stream of Western businessmen .
The break-up of the Communist Party and its throttle hold has expanded business opportunities , but Papacristo says too much order has been replaced with too much chaos .
Now , the top officials , even if they want to help you , ca n't really help you because they do n't control things anymore .
Nobody does .
If anything , the problem is exactly reversed today as it was then .
There 's no order , and it 's very hard to determine whether you 're talking to the right person , whether he has the rights to do what he says he 's doing with you .
Take the development of a major oil shelf off the coast of Sakhalin Island .
New , assertive regional leaders balked at the deal the central government had approved .
Parliament got into the act.
Only after several years did American oil companies finally have a contract .
Foreign companies are frustrated by frequently changing laws , arbitrary regulations , ineffectual courts , and a lack of infrastructure .
Yet for all the apparent chaos , Alex Papacristo remains intrigued .
The ability to invest in newly privatized Russian companies is the new exciting activity .
There 's more and more of that .
It 's , I think , still in the order of tens , perhaps hundreds of millions of dollars , which , compared to American business in other countries of the world , is not so huge .
But it 's getting bigger .
Papacristo says the lessons learned are start small and find a good partner .
Donald Green , managing director of the consulting firm Planicon , says doing business in Russia requires time and a lot of spade work .
You have consumer companies who have worked to develop their distribution capability where they 're not really manufacturing products in Russia but they 're developing the networks to be able to sell their products throughout the Russian federation .
As order breaks down , theft becomes a problem .
If you are in effect moving cigarettes or alcohol or perfume around inside Russia , the security of those shipments is of major concern .
I certainly do n't regard those circumstances as threatening or dangerous as some of the worst stories of developing country business around the world , but they are- they 're significant .
Recent election results sent chills to the American business community , but Papacristo and Green are optimistic Yeltsin will use his powers under the new constitution to stop the new parliament from making the business situation worse .
While American investment in Russia is unlikely to explode any time soon , both expect a steady increase .
But both warn investment in Russia is not for the faint-hearted or the impatient .
I 'm Anne Garrels in Washington .
It 's All Things Considered .
I 'm Noah Adams .
And I 'm Linda Wertheimer .
In Israel today , Benjamin Netanyahu was officially declared the winner of last week 's election .
The prime minister-elect now has 45 days to form a new government .
One of Netanyahu 's first tasks is to select his cabinet members .
As NPR 's Eric Weiner reports from Jerusalem , the people he chooses will help determine the future course of the Middle East peace process .
Benjamin Netanyahu needed a lot of support to win last week 's closely-contested election .
Now he 's under pressure to reward those who helped him at the polls , namely Israel 's ultra-Orthodox Jews and a handful of hard liners from within his own Likud Party .
David Makovsky [ sp ] , author of a book on the Oslo peace accord , says Netanyahu 's policies will depend , at least in part , on the kind of people he decides to appoint .
I think the big question , the $ 64,000 question is , is the pragmatic Netanyahu that we saw on the campaign trail gonna be the pragmatic leader we see while he serves as prime minister ?
And I think that has opened a question because the Likud is a mixture of pragmatists , which I think Netanyahu 's one of , and ideologues .
Those ideologues include people like Rafael Eytan and Ariel Sharon , two former generals who orchestrated Israel 's ill-fated invasion of Lebanon in 1982 .
Sharon , in particular , played a key role in Netanyahu 's election campaign , and he 's reportedly insisting on a top cabinet position , possibly as head of the finance ministry .
Representatives from Israel 's religious parties are likely to receive at least two cabinet positions .
Other more moderate Likud leaders are also in line for top posts .
David Levy , foreign minister during the Likud Party 's last time in office , is likely to get his old job .
Another question is whether Netanyahu will be willing to share power with the man he defeated last week , Shimon Peres .
Israel 's two major parties have governed together before in the late 1980s , and Yossi Beilin , a minister in the current Peres government , says , given the delicate status of the peace process , it 's worth trying again .
I think that it is the most delicate moment in our history , in the peace process , because we are going to refer to issues like the refugees , like Jerusalem , like the borders , and they , at that time- I think that it is very important that we will be there and help .
I 'm sure that it is possible to find a solution which might become a kind of a common denominator for the Palestinians , for the Labor Party , and for the Likud .
But Prime Minister-elect Netanyahu has yet to propose a national unity government , nor has outgoing Prime Minister Shimon Peres expressed any enthusiasm for the idea .
Analysts say a power-sharing arrangement is still possible , though unlikely .
Meanwhile , Netanyahu is meeting not only with potential coalition partners , but with foreign ambassadors , including U.S. Ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk .
The main topic of discussion , Indyk says , was Netanyahu 's upcoming trip to Washington .
The president is keen to meet with him and he 's agreed that he will come as soon as possible after he 's formed the government - President Clinton , the secretary of state , committed to working very closely with the prime minister-elect , to advance the peace process that he and we are committed to doing .
One part of the peace process the U.S. has played a key role in is Israel 's on-again , off-again peace talks with Syria .
After Netanyahu 's victory last week , those talks seemed to be in serious jeopardy , but now a top Netanyahu aide says the new prime minister would like to resume negotiations with Syria , albeit with more limited goals .
Analysts here say it 's perhaps the first clear sign that Benjamin Netanyahu may try to advance the peace process after all.
This is Eric Weiner in Jerusalem .
In Alaska , a wildfire which began on Sunday has now consumed more than 10,000 acres and continues to burn out of control .
The fire is centered in the Matanuska Valley , about 30 miles north of Anchorage .
It 's a stretch of heavily forested country , laced with dirt roads and many homes .
It 's one of the fastest-growing regions in the state .
Hundreds of buildings have burned so far and more than 1,000 people have been evacuated .
Tom Boatner [ sp ] is a firefighter based in Fairbanks who 's been on the scene since Sunday .
We reached him at the high school in Houston , Alaska , where the forestry division has set up an incident command post .
We are getting extremely strong winds .
We 've had yet another wind shift .
We 're getting 20 to 25-mile-an-hour winds with gusts to 35 .
Conditions are extremely dry , so the combination is making for unbelievably radical fire behavior .
In this part of Alaska , we 're seeing fire behavior right now that occurs maybe three or four times a century .
Tell me what you mean by radical fire behavior .
This fire is burning through black spruce , white spruce and birch forests .
The top of the canopy of this forest is approximately 60 to 100 feet high , and flames are rolling through this forest that are another 100 feet taller than the trees , so we 're talking- we 're talking 100 and 150-foot flame lengths at the head of the fire .
The fire is so hot where the wind is hitting it that we ca n't go direct attack , meaning putting people and engines and pumps right on the fire line .
It 's just too dangerous .
I was going to say , I just ca n't imagine you could send any people into an area where the column of fire was taller than , what , a 20-story building .
No.
In fact , the last 48 hours we 've had one very simple priority on this fire and that is , do n't kill anybody .
In 21 years of fire fighting , this is as dangerous a situation as I 've ever seen .
And this fire is rolling through heavily forested country with literally hundreds and hundreds of homes scattered in little subdivisions and groups through the forest , and so all of our firefighters are really , really focused on trying to save people 's homes .
With fire breaks and soaking them down and fire retardant , and that kind of thing .
Yeah , right .
Yeah , with these kind of fire conditions we 're not able to do anything without water , so almost all of the structure and protection has been with fire engines .
Fire engines .
Yeah .
You know , the wildland type of fire engine , and also we now have volunteer fire engines here from all over the state of Alaska .
So , we 're going to continue prioritizing structure protection , but I think what 's going to happen today is we 're going to be able shift over to starting to nail down some perimeter on this thing so we can stop it from galloping across the countryside .
Describe to me how you would do that .
What we 're doing today is putting out a collection of resources on the perimeter that include hand crews , engines , bulldozers , water tenders - all of that supported from the air by helicopters with buckets and retardant bombers .
And what we try to do is just knock down the flames and the heat on the very perimeter of the fire and then put out all the hot spots and secure that perimeter so the fire ca n't advance any more .
Well , thanks very much .
You 're welcome .
Tom Boatner is operations sections chief for this fire .
He is a smoke jumper for the Bureau of Land Management based in Fairbanks , but he spoke to us today from Houston High School in Houston , Alaska .
In eastern Montana at the ranch occupied by the so-called Freemen , a letter by a jailed cult leader may have played a role in the first departures from the ranch since April .
CNN 'S Brian Jenkins reports on this and other developments on day 75 of the standoff .
He joins us now live .
Brian ?
Well , Natalie , we have a new and perhaps an encouraging development just three or four minutes ago .
Two members of the Freemen group on the 960 acre property here behind me came out to the entrance to their property to meet with two FBI agents who had been there for about a half an hour .
They had pulled their vehicle down .
It 's the red and white , four wheel drive vehicle we have seen many times go that entrance .
They do appear to be talking .
About what we do not know at this point .
One of the state legislators who served as an intermediary early in this 75 day standoff has said that he fells essentially that negotiations could pick up speed now that two girls have been taken off the ranch , a family of four left Thursday afternoon .
Gloria Ward , her common-law husband Elwin Ward , and Gloria Ward 's two daughters , aged 10 and eight .
They were taken first to the FBI command post in the town of Jordan , about 30 miles southeast , then on to the town of Miles City , where a state court judge granted temporary custody of the two girls to their aunt , Gloria Ward 's sister , and gave jurisdiction over the two girls to the state of Utah .
They were taken on to Billings .
They flew out of Billings early this morning , and they arrived in Salt Lake City .
If we have that picture , you 'll be able to see Gloria Ward with long , dark hair , her two children- again , Courtney , aged 10 and Jay-Lyn , aged eight .
Jay-Lyn 's father lives in Utah .
The older girl 's father also lives in Salt Lake City , and they have expressed relief that the girls are free now .
The girls ' mother , Gloria Ward , belongs to a small sect of ex-communicated Mormons , called the House of Cheney , and Gloria Ward 's sister asked the leader of that sect , John Cheney , to write a letter encouraging the Wards to come off the Freemen ranch .
We have two comments on that .
First , from the attorney for Lynn Nielsen , Gloria Ward 's sister .
John Cheney had asked God about them coming out and that God said that they should come out , that they had work to do outside the ranch house .
We also heard in a , a phone interview from John Cheney that he had said he simply wrote the note , encouraging them to leave after reading the note .
They made their decision on their own to leave .
He gave this phone interview from a jail cell in Provo , Utah , where he is charged with forcing his 13 year-old daughter to marry a 48 year-old follower .
Now , Gloria Ward 's oldest daughter , who is now 15 , married John Cheney last year and became pregnant .
She is now in the custody of child welfare officials in Michigan .
So that is where that situation stands with the Ward family , Gloria Ward and her two daughters now in Utah .
Here again on the Freemen ranch in Montana .
We currently have two FBI agents as far as we can see meeting with two members of the Freemen group .
We will report to you further details when we have them .
Natalie ?
All right , Brian Jenkins in Montana .
Thank you , Brian .
If sex education is a hotly debated topic in a relatively open society , imagine what it 's like in a more traditional society like China .
Well , now you do n't have to .
CNN 's Maria Ressa set in on a sex ed class and got a lesson on culture , instead .
Their questions seemed naive .
What do you do if you like a boy who 's older than you ?
What if a teacher asks embarrassing questions ?
But these are questions few here feel they can discuss with parents and friends .
This is China 's version of the sex education class , to help adolescent girls and boys deal with the problems of growing up.
In two years , 30,000 students have participated in this special course , and it 's caused some controversy along the way .
Teachers are really afraid , because in the past we never dealt with these questions of sexuality .
China 's education system demands a strict code of behavior from its students .
It 's formal , rote-oriented style of teaching enforces discipline and respect for authority .
It also adds a good dose of party politics and communist doctrine .
But recent reforms have opened up the country to Western influence in movies , television and music and that sends conflicting messages to Chinese kids .
They see these things , and they want to go and try it for themselves .
But , they 're too young to handle the consequences .
The class is straightforward .
A teacher addresses the physical changes going on in their bodies and speaks openly about topics normally considered taboo .
And that encourages students like 14-year-old Chen Jing .
I just wish my parents and my other teachers could be like this teacher , so we could communicate .
It 's still a conservative society .
Chen says she has no boyfriend and would not want one until she 's in college , but girls in her class face an added problem .
They are one of the first generations of China 's policy which restricts couples to one child .
With no brother or sister to confide in , it becomes more difficult to handle their questions of sexuality , and as they grow , skewed ratios of boys to girls may put additional pressure on them .
Still , for now , Chen says this class is a relief , helping her understand and deal with questions she could n't even talk about .
Maria Ressa , CNN , Beijing .
President Clinton left this morning on a three-day campaign swing that could generate some controversy .
He 's leaving behind the controversy about FBI files on some well-known Republicans .
CNN 's Kathleen Koch is at the White House now with the latest .
Kathleen .
Good morning , Joie .
As you said , the president has just left for a busy three days of speeches and fundraising in Nevada , California and New Mexico .
Now , in San Francisco today , the president is likely to be met with protests from the gay community angry about his support for a bill that would deny federal benefits to same sex couples .
Ironically , the president would likely prefer to face that than the furor that has erupted here in Washington over the White House 's gathering of some 350 people 's FBI background files , those files including some belonging to many prominent Republicans in both the Bush and the Reagan administrations .
The White House says it was a bureaucratic mistake that occurred in 1993 when an Army staffer was detailed to the White House and he was updating the list of people with clearance to enter the grounds here .
Associate White House counsel Mark Fabiani [ sp ] says that that staffer was working from an outdated list , that his replacement discovered the mistake and that there were no more old files at that point then requested .
But Republicans , including presidential candidate Bob Dole , believe that there was much more to it than that .
But everything in this administration is always an innocent mistake .
`` We did n't really do anything , it was just a mistake .
Oh , we did n't know it was there .
Or we did n't know whose fingerprints were on it. ' So I think we have to take this very seriously .
It 's not good news .
If this had happened in years past , the Democrats are in control , hard to tell what might follow .
But I think the president can clear it up - I 'm serious about it - if he just apologizes to the American people .
Now , this morning White House Chief of Staff Leon Panetta insisted that there was no wrongdoing involved , it was a simple mistake , but he still apologized .
As far as we can determine , nothing was done with that information .
It was not passed on to any officials .
It 's basically been held within the security office there and those files , as I said , have been returned to the FBI .
A mistake has been made here .
It is inexcusable and I think an apology is owed to those that were involved .
Now , Panetta says that the White House has taken steps to make sure that something like this never happens again .
Nonetheless , FBI director Louis Freeh has today ordered a change - this is being reported by the New York Times - ordering new restrictions on the sharing of confidential information with the White House .
Now , this change apparently came in a letter to Pennsylvania Republican Congressman William Clinger , who spoke with Freeh Friday about potential wrongdoing in this file controversy .
Joie .
Kathleen , thanks very much .
CNN 's Kathleen Koch at the White House this morning .
First , to bring you up to date on a breaking story we 've been covering .
In Israel , officials are trying to learn more about a violent incident mid-way between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem .
For the latest on this breaking story , we 're joined on the phone by CNN 's Jerrold Kessel .
Jerrold , what happened ?
Jeanne , some of the mystery surrounding this shooting is being cleared up now .
About 11:15 local time , that 's a little under two hours ago , two people were killed , probably Israeli civilians , in a car .
They were shot dead on a country road about 25 miles southwest of Jerusalem .
Police are saying- and they are treating this as a terror attack , but they 're not confirming that completely as yet .
But , as to contradictory earlier reports that unknown gunmen had also fired bursts of automatic gunfire at a vehicle near an army base some 15 miles away from this attack spot further south , towards the direction of the Gaza Strip , this is now being discounted by the police .
And they say that , having set up roadblocks , rushed reinforcements to the area , there 's no evidence whatever , no confirmation , of any second shooting incident .
But of the confirmed shooting attack , this did take- it is being treated , as I say , as a terror attack .
But there 's been no claim of responsibility .
A CNN camera man who 's on the site reports the white 1987 model car halfway in a ditch on the side of the road with 10 bullets through its front wind screen , and that 's probably the reason why the police are treating it as a terror attack .
The two people found inside were dead , apparently an Israeli couple .
A baby , an infant , was found in the car unhurt , according to a spokesman for an ambulance rescue service which went to the site of the incident .
Israeli security forces have been on high alert for attacks by Islamic militants during the Israeli election period , which was 10 days ago .
And , since then , the Islamic militants have vowed to maintain their resistance and to go on attacks after the election of prime minister-elect Benjamin Netanyahu in that election .
Now , the incident- the site of the attack is an area not far , it should be said , from the open border between the West Bank and Israel .
That 's what we know for now .
Jeanne ?
Jerrold , what measures are authorities taking in response to this incident ?
Well , especially after the rumors came in , and apparently there was one telephone call about a second incident came into- then police rushed massive reinforcements and patrol cars through the area , threw up roadblocks fearing that perhaps there was a car on the loose with gunmen in it and were engaging in a shooting spree .
They have set up roadblocks all around this area which is , as I say , in a triangle virtually between Jerusalem , Tel Aviv , and southwest of that area , in a country district .
They have thrown up roadblocks , but they have not found anything untoward further than that single shooting attack in which the two people have been killed .
But they are still continuing to search the area to try and see if there were , in fact , any further shooting incidents .
No confirmation of anything beyond the single incident in which two people have been shot dead .
Jerrold Kessel in Israel , thank you , and we will bring you more details on this story as they become available .
This week , as the Russian election approaches , we are going to hear from several observers of Russian politics about the choice Russians face - whether to extend Boris Yeltsin 's presidency or opt for Gennady Zyuganov 's brand of communism .
While that choice strikes many as momentous , British journalist Jonathan Steele [ sp ] says that Yeltsin and Zyuganov appear to campaigning on the same promises .
Well , I think President Yeltsin has really stolen a lot of Zyuganov 's clothes over the last weeks and months .
He now talks about reviving Russia as a great power , so it 's a much more assertive kind of nationalist language than we used to hear from Yeltsin in the past when he was very pro-Western .
Secondly , he 's talking about spending much more to help the poorest sections of society .
He 's talking about subsidizing the ailing military-industrial complex .
He 's talking about some sort of controls on imports to protect Russian industry , so I think in many ways this sort of nationalist , protectionist , more state interventionist type of policy which the Communists advocate is really very similar to what Yeltsin now says he would do .
But do you think that this suggests a real lack of conviction on Boris Yeltsin 's part for the kind of policies that he has advanced as president , or is it simply a tactical abandonment of those for the campaign , and then policies that he would likely return to if he were re-elected ?
Well , I think it reflects a general current of change in Russian opinion over the last couple of years or so .
I think there has been a disillusionment with the way the market economy was brought in and a feeling that you now have to correct it to some extent .
So , I think what Yeltsin is doing is partly tactical in the sense that he sees it 's the best way to get votes and get more in tune with the center of Russian opinion , but I think it , therefore , is something that he probably would stick to , more or less , even if he won a second term .
You 're suggesting that actually the political outlook of Russia 's Communist Party is much more in tune with Russia of 1996 than the Yeltsin government over the past couple of years .
Well , on two points certainly .
One is on the economy , as I say , and the other is on this sense that somehow Russia has been humiliated over the last five or seven years .
The kind of loss of empire mood , which Russians seem to have got over very quickly at the time they were , in fact , losing the empire in 1990 and '91 , can be seen as a sort of deep-seated wound that has n't really healed , and the Communists are talking about patriotism .
They 're talking about Russia having been humiliated and a need to stand on its own feet again , even if that means not being so pro-Western .
That 's the sort of thing that I think Yeltsin 's taken on board .
I think the real difference is one of speculation about the future- is which one of these two men , if elected , would be least likely to tamper with civil liberties in the future and therefore roll back the democratic reforms of the Gorbachev years .
Is , in that sense , Boris Yeltsin a democrat ?
Is he devoted to civil liberties , at least more so than Gennady Zyuganov ?
Well that , I think , is the big debate .
Take the television , for example .
All three television channels - the only three that have national coverage - are now controlled by the president .
So you could argue , perhaps slightly flippantly , that if you want an opposition media , the best thing is to vote Zyuganov , because then all the three national TV stations would be against the new president .
But I mean that 's just an illustration of the fact that Yeltsin has really taken into his hands - in a way that we would n't think acceptable in a Western country - the main broadcast media .
On the question of rights to free assembly , political parties and so on , I think this has to be speculative .
All one can say is that Zyuganov , after all , after 2-1/2 years as a parliamentarian - somebody who knows that you ca n't go back to one-party rule , that you have to do deals , make coalitions , try and keep up some sort of dialogue with parties that do n't automatically support you - has shown some experience and some loyalty , such as it is , to parliamentarism .
With Yeltsin , this is a bit questionable .
He has refused to found his own political party or lead one .
He did close down the Russian parliament in 1993 .
He has brought in a very authoritarian constitution which really downplays the role of parliament .
So , in those ways , I think the jury has to be a little bit out on how much of a real democrat Yeltsin is - or Zyuganov - because we know less about Zyuganov .
Jonathan Steele spoke to us from London .
He is an assistant editor of the British daily newspaper , The Guardian .
He is a former Moscow bureau chief and author of Eternal Russia .
Over the past 18 months , churches with predominantly African-American congregations have been going up in flames in the states of Texas , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi , Virginia , and Georgia .
Clergymen met with Clinton administration officials today to talk about the federal response to these burnings .
Against this backdrop , investigators are probing another suspicious overnight blaze at a black church in Greenville , Texas , while police say that they 've made an arrest in connection with the one that destroyed the old sanctuary of a black church in Charlotte , North Carolina .
CNN 's Al Hinman joins us now , live from Charlotte , and has details .
Al ?
Reid , their pressure here in Charlotte has been very great as it is mounting all across the Southeast and across the country to make sure that arrests are made and made very quickly .
In Charlotte , from the very beginning , local city-county police officials , state and federal law enforcement agencies , all felt convinced they could solve this case very quickly and that 's exactly what they did .
A comprehensive investigation resulted in a juvenile being charged with setting the fire .
At this point there is no information to indicate that any other person is involved in this crime or that this incident is connected to any national or local conspiracy .
There is also no evidence that this incident was racially motivated .
This juvenile has been served with a petition for violation of burning churches and certain other buildings , and the suspect is currently being detained in a juvenile detention facility .
Two Charlotte-Mecklenberg police officers obtained some information through their sources , or whatever , to help make the initial investigation go in the direction of the suspect that was arrested late last night .
Additional information was supplied by some citizens who called in , provided that information , and that information they- the officials say , helped lead to the very quick arrest here in Charlotte .
Again , this incident is- has- is being said that there is no apparent racial motivation .
There may be other causes involved , but that is not being discussed at this point .
A 13-year-old girl is in custody now , a white female .
She has been charged with arson , setting the fire that torched the 93-year-old Matthews-Merkland [ sp ] old sanctuary that had not been in use for a number of years .
It has been a real loss in this community and at this point now , members of this congregation and others in the city are working to heal the emotional wounds and move on forward and show that they too can march together , black and white .
Reid ?
All right .
Thank you , Al Hinman live in Charlotte .
You may never see your own face on the silver screen , but perhaps your house ought to be in pictures .
Movie studios are on the look-out for the perfect house to use in films , finding it 's much cheaper than building a set from scratch .
The homeowners answering that casting call can be lucrative , but it can also cause some headaches .
Fred Katayama reports in today 's edition of Your Money .
Movie location scouts scour neighborhoods for a house with that certain star quality , usually searching for bigger homes with enough space for equipment plus 100 cast and crew .
A modest house can fetch rental fees of $ 1,000 a day ; and a mansion , such as the one featured in Sabrina , can command a daily rate of $ 10,000 and up.
If your home is chosen , clear away your romantic notions and focus on the reality .
It 's hard to understand how all-consuming and huge a process it is.
Once we go into your home , we 're in almost every nook and cranny of your house .
The owners of a San Francisco home used in Mrs. Doubtfire sued the film 's producers , claiming the house was trashed .
So , before the first frame is shot , nail down a few essentials .
Ask the right questions of exactly what they want to be doing there and when they want to be doing it ; and as well is to get everything in writing that you can .
In his book , Filmed on Location , James Leonis says insist on a contract that sets out specifics of the shoot , and make sure the studio has insurance covering any damage .
Then , prepare for an invasion .
They started setting up the house around Thanksgiving time , and now it 's June , and they 're still talking about shooting in our house .
Rob Kos ' New Jersey home is being used for Columbia Pictures ' upcoming film , The Devil 's Own , starring Harrison Ford and Brad Pitt .
Kos says , despite the commotion , the experience has been worthwhile .
It was an adventure and probably a once-in-a-lifetime experience to get to see behind the scenes of how movies are made ; and so we just rolled with the punches , and it 's been great .
For most homeowners , the dream of stardom is a long shot .
But to improve the odds of being discovered , list your home with state and local film commissions and production companies .
That 's Your Money .
I 'm Fred Katayama , CNN Financial News , New York .
In California today , what the government is calling the largest seizure of smuggled automatic weapons in American history .
And seven people are now under arrest , including two Chinese nationals with ties to the Chinese military .
ABC 's Brian Ross is in San Francisco .
U.S. customs agents had been tracking huge shipments of Chinese weapons into this country for years , which is what led undercover agents to set up the illegal shipment this March of some 2,000 AK-47's , shown here being unpacked after they were seized in Oakland ; guns the undercover agents had claimed were destined for American street gangs .
They also negotiated even more sophisticated weapons - Stinger-type missiles and little small hand grenades with a comment that if you throw these into a crowd , they can kill many , many people .
In addition to the seven Chinese business people who were charged today , at least seven others are being sought , including some top officials in China .
The Chinese government is into this thing all the way up to their eyeballs .
The case leads directly back to two prominent arms companies tied directly to the Chinese Peoples Liberation Army .
One called Poly Technologies , which is headed by the son-in-law of Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping .
And the other , Norinco , which manufactured the AK-47's seized in the government sting .
In fact , authorities told ABC News that undercover agents were preparing to lure two high-ranking Chinese officials here to San Francisco when the sting had to be ended prematurely for fear it had been compromised .
Brian Ross , ABC News , San Francisco .
In Serbia today , President Slobodan Milosevic has pledged to the United States that within one week Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic will be effectively removed from power .
Mr. Karadzic , has been indicted by the War Crimes Tribunal in Holland .
Back in a moment .
Investors on Wall Street this week were quick to pick up the latest fashion trend - Saks Holdings .
The parent company of Saks Fifth Avenue offering a 26 percent stake in the company .
Investors rushed to buy the stock on its first day of trading , ending the week up $ 8 from its initial offering price of $ 25 a share .
Luxury is in.
While the retail sector 's recovery has been spotty , it seems the sky 's the limit for high-end stores .
Wall Street is betting that Saks Fifth Avenue will continue the trend .
The retailer will raise roughly $ 400 million , enough to wipe out more than one-third of its debt .
The wealthier consumers are benefiting from economic trends , and they 're spending money and we 've seen that in stores like Tiffany and Gucci that are public companies , where the results have consistently been much better than expected .
Tiffany recently split its stock after reporting a big jump in quarterly earnings , and Gucci stock soared Tuesday after reporting a 113 percent jump in revenue .
Designer Donna Karan , sensing a more friendly environment towards high-end fashion , is readying another attempt at a public offering .
Now the hunt is on for the next hot retailer , and some privately held stores are wondering if they should answer Wall Street 's call .
We 've been sought after .
We talk to them , we are educating ourselves , I guess they are educating themselves about us and when the right time comes maybe we make the move .
Heads of private apparel companies say they worry about ceding control to share holders who may not agree with ideas about how to run the business , but with the market conditions so favorable , more and more are getting over their fear of going public .
Kitty Pilgrim , CNN Financial News , New York .
I now declare the Disney Store right here in Manhattan officially open .
And Walt Disney opening its latest store to the public .
The three-story Disney Kingdom is located in the heart of Manhattan and just a block and a half away from Warner Brothers .
Disney paying top dollar , $ 400 a square foot , for the location , but says the publicity is worth the price .
Dan Rutz joined a fitness expert to get advice on how to enjoy the benefits of exercise without getting hurt .
It 's a steady flow of injuries .
He makes a living on the downside of physical fitness , but like most medical experts , Dr. Thomas Branch , of Emory University , firmly believes that the benefits of exercise far outweigh the risk of getting hurt .
A healthy workout should start with stretching .
The interesting part of stretching is that 80 percent of your stretch occurs in the first minute .
The cords that bind muscle to bone require special postures .
Muscles stretch best when they are gradually put to work .
Branch warms up with a few minutes on a stationary bike .
What about a slow jog or a fast walk ?
Would that accomplish the same thing as an exercise bike ?
That 's exactly the same thing .
OK.
Yep .
Start out slow , get the muscles moving , and then the jog becomes a safer jog .
Close to three out of four men in the CNN/Men 's Health magazine poll say they 're in good shape , but national statistics find a third are overweight .
Many quit exercising when they get hurt , but proper warmups and not overdoing it can prevent what the doctor calls the `` itises ' - tendinitis , ligamentitis .
An inflammation of a tight tendon can cause pain when you do your exercise activity and it can become a recurrent pain that is difficult to get rid of.
What are men in their 30s , 40s , 50s , and 60s doing running out here anyway ?
What 's the point , you know ?
Why bother doing it ?
The combination of stress management - exercise for your cardiovascular system to prolong life and to limit disease , I think those are the two main reasons .
Richard Krebs has a third reason for staying fit .
He enjoys an active lifestyle even though he 's just coming back from an injury that required surgery to repair .
I had an unfortunate occurrence , but you know these things happen all the time .
There are other kinds of risks out there in the world , too , and I just- I do n't believe in sitting home and , you know , playing it safe .
He 's coming along with his muscle strength .
Rehabilitation that is sport-specific helps reduce the chance of reinjury , and to possibly avoid trouble in the first place , get to know your body better , especially when things do n't feel right .
Once you learn about your body , the next time those symptoms appear you do n't have to go to the doctor .
Let me ask you if we 're trading fitness for 40 for arthritis at 60 by doing this ?
In fact , you might be doing the opposite .
If you do the right amount of exercise and you incorporate cross-training into your program , you may in fact be prolonging your life and reducing arthritis .
Cross training means mixing up the fitness routine with different activities .
That way , instead of wearing out one part of the body , all of it will stay fit .
According to the experts , we can either use it or lose it.
Dan Rutz , CNN , Atlanta .
The San Diego Zoo and Wild Animal Park hit the Web this week .
Explore places like the Gorilla Tropics Habitat , visit Mombassa Lagoon , to see animals like this white alligator or interactive exhibits and be sure to hit What 's New to see some baby faces only a mother could love .
For more cool science stuff take a look at the Why Files .
This page gives you the science behind the news , with hundreds of topics explained in detail , from Mad Cow disease to comets .
The Cool Science Image area lets you see a butterfly 's nodes up close and other , well , cool images from an electron microscope .
And for more in-depth science information check out Access Excellence .
This is a page developed by the biotech firm Genintech to help high school biology teachers understand the biotech industry .
But the What 's News area is full of well-written and easy to understand articles about current science issues , with an archive of hundreds more .
The Resource List is a great collection of links to science Web sites from NASA to interactive frog dissections .
http://.sandiegozoo.org
http://.whyfiles.news.wisc.edu
http://.gene.com/ae
When looking for a place to live some people insist on a lot of closet space , others wo n't take an apartment without a great kitchen .
But on New York 's lower east side computer connoisseurs look for something different .
Norma Quarles has the story .
This rather unassuming new five story brick building in the east village is in a community better known for walk-up tenements and squatters doing battle with police than for high rent apartments .
But this building has something computer users want and are willing to pay a premium for : a T1 cable giving them high speed access to the Internet .
As far as I know , this is the only building that- the first building that has ever been wired with T1 cable access to the Internet from its inception .
Tenant Josh Kilmer Purcell , an art director for an advertising agency , pays $ 1550 a month for a one-bedroom apartment and $ 85 a month for the service .
A lot of it has to do with speed .
The capabilities - I can work from here , with my office here in New York , as well as the office in Atlanta .
I can do all of my layouts , on my designs and finish them here .
At night if I have an idea I can retrieve files from either of those offices .
As far as convenience , it 's - it 's invaluable .
I mean , do n't tell anybody , but they could charge more and I would still pay .
Another tenant , John Brann , is a chief technologist for a software company .
I 've been a pretty regular Internet user now , for about three years , both at work and at home and phone lines just do n't hack it anymore and even the ordinary things that people do with very simple graphics on the Net can take ages to download through an ordinary phone line .
Apartments range in price from $ 1500 to $ 3500 a month .
The building just opened in April and 25 of the 28 units are already rented .
I think the fact that the building is wired and is already set up for the - for the wide band access is- is something that I am prepared to pay for .
The editor of NetGuide magazine says this may not be for the average computer user .
Not everyone needs a lot of band width and most people can do very well with just a 2400 baud modem and a conventional phone line .
Rosenbaum says we are seeing a combination of New York real estate hype and Internet hype at work here but if people are willing to pay they must believe it is worth it.
Norma Quarles , CNN , New York .
And still on the subject of domiciles , if you ask any do it yourselfer , they will tell you that home improvement projects come in only two kinds - success stories and unmitigated disasters .
Coming up on the CNN Computer Connection , we will show you some new CD ROMs , that can help ensure that your next repair job does n't turn into a money pit .
We will be right back .
On World News Tonight this Thursday , the first break in months at the so-called Freemen ranch in Montana .
A family of four leaves ; the wildfire in Alaska spreads ; and elsewhere in America , interfering with Mother Nature to make the problem worse .
These forests are going to burn .
And Senator Dole on abortion .
He would like the Republican platform language to change .
From ABC , this is World News Tonight with Peter Jennings .
Good evening .
We begin in eastern Montana tonight .
There has been a change in the status quo .
A family of four has left the compound where the so-called Freemen of Montana have been holed up.
They are the first people to leave since April .
And they leave after a week in which the FBI has visibly increased the pressure on the Freemen , who have been holed up on their ranch for more than 10 weeks .
ABC 's Ron Claiborne tonight on who comes out and who stays .
They left early this afternoon , meeting two FBI agents on the dirt road leading to the besieged compound .
The departure follows a brief discussion between the agents and those inside the vehicle .
Inside the car were Elwin Ward [ sp ? ] , his wife Gloria and her daughters from previous marriages - 10-year-old Courtney and 8-year-old Jay Lynn .
Gloria Ward had been facing a felony charge in Utah for allegedly denying visitation rights to the father of one of the girls .
Utah authorities had agreed to drop the charges weeks ago .
It is not clear why the family chose or was now allowed to leave .
But earlier this week , the FBI cut off electricity to the compound .
Today 's departures may signal that the tactic of increasing the pressure and a new round of negotiations with the Freemen may be starting to pay off.
But with 17 people still in the compound , including its most militant leaders , there is no indication yet that the standoff is about to end.
Ron Claiborne , ABC News , Jordan , Montana .
Hey , home video preview with Dennis Michael .
Grumpier Old Men is out on tape .
But we do n't want to comment on that , do we ?
Nicolas Cage 's dead end character has come to Las Vegas to drink himself to death , but in the process , he falls in love .
Leaving Las Vegas is one of the darkest romances ever to dance across the screen , but a best actor performance by Cage and a brilliant turn by Elizabeth Shue make this tragic tale irresistible .
Not for kids , grownups should n't miss it.
Speaking of grownups , Grumpier Old Men is n't as good as the original , but that hardly matters since Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau are walking encyclopedias of screen comedy and the story line hardly matters either , except that it brings the remarkable Sophia Loren into the mix .
This is a comedy that lives for the rich moment .
And this movie 's moment passed a long time ago , but it 's only now coming to home video .
Heavy Metal was actually named after the science fiction magazine that inspired it , but it looks more like somebody tried to make a movie out of old album covers .
Only rarely does this flick take flight .
Collectors only .
See you at the rental counter .
Dennis Michael , CNN Entertainment News , Hollywood .
Today Democrats accused Robert Dole of breaking federal election law by overspending in his presidential campaign .
In April , the Dole campaign came close to the $ 37 million spending limit , a limit Dole promised to abide by , in exchange for taking federal matching funds .
Democrats charge he exceeded the limit in May .
NPR 's Peter Overby reports .
The Dole for President campaign spent heavily last winter trying to build a sense of inevitability around his candidacy .
When Pat Buchanan 's populism and Steve Forbes ' personal fortune made the race more competitive , Dole had to keep on spending .
Don Fowler , chairman of the Democratic National Committee , says Dole knew the rules when he decided to run .
He made the decisions in 1995 , in early 1996 , to spend at a very high rate .
He made those decisions on his own .
He expended most of his money , and the fact that he 's out of money now and being forced to violate the law is his responsibility .
In a complaint filed today at the Federal Election Commission , the DNC focuses on Dole 's campaign spending from May 1st to the GOP convention in August .
After the convention , both Dole and Clinton will get $ 62 million from the Treasury for the fall campaign , but until then , the DNC 's general counsel , Joe Sandler , says his analysis shows that Dole is out of money .
For the month of May , we constructed or determined the minimal costs that the Dole campaign must have spent , based on past spending patterns , as reflected in their FEC reports and press accounts of campaign operations .
The Democrats released a two-inch-thick pack of spreadsheets and other documents to support their charges - first , that the Dole campaign is already $ 343,000 over the limit ; second , that the Republican National Committee and other organizations are secretly paying for campaign activities ; and third , that there 's no way Dole can get through the convention without going over the limit by at least a million dollars .
Dole denied that his campaign has overspent or broken any campaign finance laws .
He said Clinton is getting undisclosed support from organized labor , and pointed out that Clinton did n't have primary challengers like he did .
But he got a $ 10 million subsidy for you taxpayers for his campaign , even without any real opposition .
And then organized labor came to town and laid down 35 million bucks and said , `` Here you are , Mr. President .
Here 's 35 million . '
Dole got reinforcements from the Republican National Committee .
Chairman Haley Barbour called a news conference right after the Democrats held theirs .
It is a typical tactic of the left to try to win in court what you ca n't win at the ballot box .
This is a transparent attempt by Bill Clinton and the Democrat Party to try to divert attention away from the bad news that 's getting worse about their own legal and ethical problems .
Barbour released a page of numbers from the Dole campaign .
It started out at the same point the Democrats did - a campaign almost flat broke - but listed income , both real and anticipated , that the Democrats did n't include .
Much of it would come from selling assets of Dole 's primary campaign - computers , television spots and everything in between - to the general election campaign .
But Barbour said campaign spending ought to be deregulated .
We 've got a law that 's grossly unfair .
I mean , we 're sitting in a situation right now where Bill Clinton , as of May 31st , had $ 20 million in the bank to spend for his general election .
He 's just got to spend it for general election purposes prior to August the 29th .
Bob Dole , under this law , because he had to win his party 's primary , has about a million dollars .
That is grossly unfair .
It is a stupid law .
The American people- what the American people want is competitive politics .
The Democrats are asking for immediate action from the Federal Election Commission , but that body moves slowly .
For example , the FEC fined House Democratic leader Richard Gephardt for violations by his 1988 presidential campaign .
He paid the fine in 1995 .
I 'm Peter Overby in Washington .
Bob Dole is also catching flack from another angle- the Democratic National Committee today charged he has played fast and loose with primary campaing spending limits .
The Dole camp denies it.
Brooks Jackson has the story and a bit of political history as well .
Democrats say Citizen Dole is flunking civics .
Democratic National Committee Chairman Don Fowler officially accused Dole 's campaign of violating pre-nomination spending limits by at least $ 343,000 and said the Federal Election Commission should step in to keep the total from going higher , and he attacked Dole 's personal character .
This is about public trust .
Bob Dole pledged to the American people that in return for millions of taxpayer dollars , he would obey the law .
He has broken that promise , and he has violated that trust .
But a look at the history of similar complaints shows this sword can cut both ways .
Clinton 's own 1992 campaign was accused by federal auditors of gouging taxpayers .
Clinton 's campaign got federal matching funds , ostensibly for his primary campaign , based on contributions received after he was nominated .
FEC auditors wanted Clinton to repay $ 4 million ; it would have been the most ever .
But the three Democratic commissioners vetoed that .
The FEC deadlocked on partisan lines .
The Clinton campaign has never ever been found guilty of any violations of the Federal Election Campaign Act or paid one penny in penalties .
No civil penalties , but the Clinton campaign still repaid taxpayers more than $ 1.3 million , even after FEC Democrats softened the audit findings .
And how about House Democratic leader Richard Gephardt ?
The FEC found his 1988 presidential campaign went over the spending limit in Iowa by more than $ 450,000 , nearly 60 percent higher than allowed .
He had to give back nearly $ 120,000 .
Candidates have been overspending ever since limits were enacted .
Ronald Reagan went $ 30,000 over the limit in New Hampshire in 1976 , and nearly $ 55,000 over in 1980 .
Also in 1980 , Jimmy Carter overspent in Iowa , New Hampshire , and Maine .
And , Ted Kennedy also broke the limits in Iowa and New Hampshire .
Limit-busting has n't worked very well as a campaign issue .
In 1984 , Gary Hart attacked Walter Mondale for using so-called delegate committees to evade limits .
He must give the money back .
Give the money back , Walter .
Hart lost , even though he was right .
Mondale eventually paid a whopping $ 350,000 to settle the FEC 's findings of illegality .
Democratic Senator John Glenn 's opponents keep bringing up $ 2 million in bank loans to his '84 presidential campaign , loans the FEC said were illegal .
People are still waiting for their money !
John Glenn - he just keeps owing and owing and owing .
But Glenn won that '92 campaign and those old loans are still not paid off.
Wednesday , the Dole campaign denied overspending , and Dole pointed to Clinton 's use of leftover federal primary funds against Dole .
I 'm more concerned about Clinton getting about $ 11 million from the FEC when he did n't really have an opponent in the primary .
I think he ought to refund the $ 11 million .
However Dole 's spending plays out as a political issue , do n't expect a legal decision anytime soon .
George Bush violated the primary spending limits in 1988 , and it took the FEC until last December to close the case , with a stern letter telling the ex-president in effect , do n't do it again .
Well , the ball could be on its last bounce tonight for the NBA season .
The Chicago Bulls and Seattle Supersonics are facing off.
And Chicago could take its fourth championship of the decade with one more win .
CNN 's Jeff Flock joins us now and is bracing for a wild night on the streets of Chicago .
Jeff , how you doing out there ?
Well , it is kind of a wild night .
This is Michael Jordan 's Restaurant here in Chicago and , yes , as a Bulls birthday cake passes over my head here in just about two seconds - again , Michael Jordan 's Restaurant - but not particularly good news for the Bulls tonight so far .
By my count , they are trailing the Seattle Supersonics by 21 points here at halftime , so it 's an appropriate time for us to show you Michael Jordan 's Restaurant .
Perhaps you see outside the soaring picture of Michael , as it soars perhaps two or three stories over Chicago - Michael 's picture painted out on that restaurant here .
Obviously , this city concerned if tonight the Bulls can somehow pull it out and claim victory tonight , concerned that they do n't have a repeat of what happened in 1992 .
That is when the Bulls won their second NBA championship , second of three in a row - a lot of problems on the streets that night when they clinched that NBA title - looting , cars were overturned , things really got kind of out of hand .
So what the city has done is made a concerted effort , spending upwards of $ 3 million on security and putting together a public service announcement , featuring the likes of Bulls coach Phil Jackson , Michael Jordan himself and an unlikely candidate for a public service announcement on how to conduct oneself properly - Dennis Rodman .
Just like last time , we 're all in this together .
If we win , celebrate our achievements with style and dignity .
This Chicago 's moment to shine .
Let 's show the world how to do it right .
That is what they hope happens tonight - the Bulls clinch the championship - however at this moment , things not looking tremendously well , the Bulls down by about 20 points .
We will continue to stand here and dance with the folks and hope that things turn out for the best .
We 'll continue to watch it.
For now , reporting live from Michael Jordan 's Restaurant in Chicago , Jeff Flock .
Back to you folks .
Bob Dole 's first complete day as private citizen and full-time presidential candidate may not be all he had hoped .
He says his Senate exit yesterday left him with a `` empty feeling , ' reinforced when he called his office today and no one was there .
That apparently did n't distract Dole from the business at hand , courting voters in Ohio and projecting the attitude of both a regular guy and a winner .
Our Marc Watts is with the Dole camp .
The first order of business for Bob Dole - changing the official name of his campaign plane to Citizen 's Ship .
Until yesterday , it was called The Leader 's Ship .
With that , the former Senate majority leader embarked on his first campaign trip as a private citizen .
First stop - Toledo , Ohio .
George Strait 's song `` Heartland ' welcomed Dole at a luncheon for the Toledo Chamber of Commerce .
America 's Heartland is the theme of the Dole campaign trip .
Well , I 'm going around the country to see where they have the best unemployment benefits and I thought I 'd check it out in Ohio and then go on to Kansas .
His speech was an extension of his farewell remarks Tuesday before Congress , but today the tone was more partisan .
I 'm not going to run on a stolen agenda ; it 's going to be my agenda , it 's going to be Bob Dole 's agenda .
It 's not going to be the House agenda or the Senate agenda , it 's going to be my agenda for America and my agenda for the future .
And I do n't have any personal animus towards President Clinton .
In fact , he called me yesterday to tell my goodbye , and I 'm going to call him November 5 .
Dole reflected on his years in Congress , promising supporters he 'll run for president with the same commitment he brought to the Senate .
Running for president is probably a pretty full-time job , and so I 'm going to have all the time I need now to focus and to get the job done , because the stakes could n't be greater .
Aides say this trip is a chance for Dole to showcase himself yet again as a regular person .
Later , he 'll travel to Kansas to return to his roots there , and aides promise he 'll be more open and engaging as the campaign continues .
The former Senate majority leader will visit eight states in three days , and aides say he 'll return to Ohio several times before the November election because it 's an important swing state .
And I 'm determined to criss-cross America between now and November 5 and tell our story .
Not only is Ohio an important battleground , but it knows something about picking winners .
Only twice in the past 100 years has Ohio not selected the winner in a presidential race , and no Republican has ever won the White House without winning Ohio .
Marc Watts , CNN , with the Dole campaign in Toledo , Ohio .
We begin this morning , overseas , where a DC-10 with 275 people on board crashed today just after takeoff in Fukuoka , Japan .
At least three people are dead , dozens more are injured .
Garuda Airlines Flight 865 was en route to Jakarta , Indonesia .
With the latest , though , on this story , we now turn to CNN 's Tom Mintier , who joins us by telephone in Tokyo .
Tom , what can you tell us ?
What 's the latest from where you are ?
Well , Bill , the latest is that three people are dead .
The amount of people hospitalized has risen to about 100 and 12 people are still listed as missing .
Part of the fuselage that burned is , apparently , still too hot for investigators to enter , and there is a fear that the death toll may climb - that many of those listed as missing are , indeed , trapped in the fuselage , in the back part that has already burned .
This morning , Garuda Indonesia Flight 865 was only airborne for just a couple of minutes - apparently , lifted off the runway only a few meters before slamming back down .
There is a possibility that engine problems attributed to the cause of this crash .
There were reports that flames could be seen coming from the aircraft before the actual impact .
The Fukuoka International Airport is only 2,000 meters long .
Most international airports that service large planes like this are 4,000 meters , double in length , and it may be a contributing factor .
The pilot , reportedly , had reached that point , V-2 , where he began his lift-off and that was when the problems began .
Emergency rescue crews were on the scene within minutes and conducted the rescues and the firefighting effort simultaneously .
Many people were able to slide down the emergency chutes .
There was some criticism of the Garuda International stewardesses , saying that they did not guide them and conduct emergency evacuation procedures properly .
Again , these are the passengers who were on board the plane , saying they were indicated to go out exits that were on fire .
So , part of the investigation will not only center around the cause , but the action of the employees of the flight .
Again , three people are listed as dead , 12 others are missing , and more than 100 are hospitalized in the Fukuoka area after this plane crash this morning here in Japan .
Tom , quickly here , I know the situation continues to develop at this time , but this particular aircraft , the DC-10 - do we have any information on the history of this aircraft and its safety ?
We do n't yet , from Garuda Indonesia , have any information about this individual aircraft .
The DC-10 has had some problems with engine failures before .
There are , I 'm sure , going to be some parts of the investigation looking at that .
There was a large gaping hole in engine number two , which is mounted on the tail , that could be seen as it sat , broken in half , at the end of the runway .
This is not a part of the plane that burned , but a huge hole could be seen and , so far , experts have not , really , been able to explain why that hole is there on the side of the engine .
It 's quite possible that one of the jet 's turbines cut loose and ripped through the fuselage at that point , but , again , it 's something that investigators will have to take a close look at.
Certainly , experts say , at this time , they are puzzled by this crash .
What about weather conditions ?
Has that been ruled out as being a factor contributing to this incident ?
Airport officials say the weather at the time of takeoff was not a factor- that it was overcast , but not a real problem .
One interesting thing , the communications between the tower and the plane - during the rundown of the runway , apparently , the tower asked the captain to change radio frequencies , but the captain did not respond .
Apparently , he was already having trouble at that time controlling the aircraft and did not respond when he was told to change radio frequencies by the tower .
OK , Tom Mintier , by telephone , from Tokyo , Japan , this morning .
Thanks for that report , Tom .
Stay with CNN throughout the morning as we continue to look into this developing story from overseas .
Andrea ?
Our political analyst , Bill Schneider , is in the Washington studio .
Bill , aside from the legal concerns that the administration might have , as a political matter , what kind of problem is this for the administration ?
Well , remember that this Whitewater committee is dominated by Republicans .
It 's a partisan committee .
And the report that Bob [ Franken ] was describing is being prepared by the Republican majority in this committee .
I think the voters will easily recognize that this is a partisan document .
Far more serious , for instance , were the convictions of several associates of the Clintons ' - James and Susan McDougal , the governor of Arkansas , Jim Guy Tucker - which was done , not by a partisan committee but by a jury of citizens in Arkansas who were not partisan .
I think that would create more damage .
What this does , however , is focus the public 's attention on mysterious , unexplained behavior by the White House .
No smoking gun here , but a lot of questions being raised .
Right now , most Americans have concluded the White House must be hiding something .
The disappearance of the Rose Law Firm billing records , the strange handling of the Foster documents after Mr. Foster 's suicide , the FBI records that were taken by the White House for no obvious reason , the questionable contacts between the White House and the Treasury Department .
All those things suggest to most voters that the White House is hiding something .
What are the political considerations for the Republicans on this committee , if any , in writing this report ?
They 've got- They 've got to be very careful about how they handle the first lady in this report .
I think that 's the debate they 're having right now .
Whether they name her in some way or hold her culpable- if they do , then it ratchets up the whole investigation to a much higher level because then the majority on the committee , the Republicans , are taking on the first lady directly , and that becomes a far , far more serious matter .
It makes it both more serious and more political .
OK.
Bill Schneider in Washington , Bob Franken in Washington .
It sounds like you both have a cold .
We hope you get better over the weekend .
It 's not always easy to figure out what 's going on in the brain of an infant .
But researchers now say there is far more happening in there than previously thought .
CNN 's Lisa Price explains in tonight 's News From Medicine .
Born prematurely , Kara is now 38 days old.
Already , her mother is helping her fight stress .
It 's no joke .
New studies show the same emotions and environmental factors which influence adults also influence infants .
Research presented by the Families and Work Institute suggest brains develop earlier than previously thought .
Experts say this new body of knowledge has overwhelming cultural ramifications .
Kids attending this day care center are receiving the attention they need .
But those who do n't may always been impaired , socially and emotionally .
I do n't care what you do .
I do n't care if you take all your money and dedicate it to treatment .
You ca n't build in things that did n't grow in the first five years of life .
Touch , eye contact , sensory stimulation actually help the brain to grow .
The evidence is in.
Scientists have looked at this issue about the first years of life .
They 've looked in the uterus and they know that this is the basic building block of time that will determine the success or failure of children later in life .
Scientists say we 're seeing more and more tragic examples of these kinds of failures .
Surges in kid crime , where children feel little or no remorse about what they 've done .
They do n't have remorse .
They have regret that they got caught .
Regret is an intellectual response .
Remorse is an affective response , an emotional response .
They do n't have that .
And the irony , social scientists say , is that those most important first few years are often the ones given the least attention .
It 's a very culturally foolish thing .
Lisa Price , for CNN , Chicago .
And more on our top international story tonight , the Russian presidential elections - a run-off appears all but certain now between President Boris Yeltsin and Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov .
Whatever the outcome , the stakes are high for Russia and the rest of the world .
Let 's check in now with our world affairs correspondent Ralph Begleiter , who joins us from Moscow with the latest .
Ralph ?
It is early morning on Red Square in Moscow , and all is quiet here in Moscow as the Boris Yeltsin is edging out Communist Party challenger Gennady Zyuganov in the first round of the Russian election , but not by enough to avoid a runoff , as you said , Jill .
With about 50 percent , that is al- more than half of the votes counted now , Mr. Yeltsin leads Mr. Zyuganov by about 3 points .
The third-place candidate is retired Army General Alexander Lebed , who has enough votes to make him a desirable target for political bargaining , which already beginning here in Moscow .
On Russian television , which has almost ignored everyone but Mr. Yeltsin in the past few weeks , Lebed suddenly appeared for an interview .
General Lebed implied that he would begin military reforms tomorrow if Mr. Yeltsin appoints him to a government post .
I have program for the army reform , and I just need power .
If I get authority I will look up to the expectations that people have .
Mr. Lebed conceded , however , that his time has not yet come to be president of Russia .
For months , skeptics about the Russian election here in Moscow have speculated that Boris Yeltsin might approve fraud to guarantee a victory .
More than 1,000 international observers have been watching the election .
One of them , in an interesting twist , is former U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director James Woolsey , who once inspected Russia through spy satellites .
A few hours earlier when it was still dark , I asked Woolsey about his observations at the polling places he visited .
The small town of Klim [ sp ] , just outside of Moscow where our group from the Jamestown Foundation was today , things appeared to be going quite well .
It was really sort of stirring and touching in a way .
The balloting was taking place quite near where the Russians had stopped the Nazis in their invasion of World War II .
And I sort of thought that maybe both Hitler and Stalin were turning over in their graves to see a free election in Russia with precinct captains and people coming in happily to the polls , flowers in front of the constitution in celebration .
It was really quite nice .
From your observation of the way the procedures were done was there an opportunity for any kind of cheating in the way the votes were being sealed and so on ?
The procedure seemed , at the precincts we visited , three of them , simple and effective .
One ca n't tell , of course , about the voting lists , the original lists , and there 's no way for outside observers to tell about what might happen in some central location .
But the fact that this is all paper ballots and paper counting would suggest that if something were done to adjust the results later , it would probably be fairly straight forward to check up on it.
One of the things I noticed at the half dozen or so precincts I visited was that people seemed to be taking this very seriously - the voters , that is.
They were coming to the polls very dressed up.
They seemed to be very serious about filling out their ballots .
Tell us what you observed .
Exactly .
They were happy .
There were strong differences .
We did some informal , not CNN style , but informal exit polling ourselves and found a large number of votes for Yeltsin and a smattering for other candidates .
But people were- felt as if they could speak up and say what they thought .
And say what they thought they did .
As the results stand now , with about 58 percent of the paper ballot counted , Boris Yeltsin leads Gennady Zyuganov by 35 percent to 32 percent , and Russia is poised for a runoff election between Mr. Yeltsin and Mr. Zyuganov , probably in about two or three weeks .
Jill , Martin ?
OK , thank you very much , Ralph .
President Boris Yeltsin has won the most votes in Russia 's hotly contested presidential election , one watched around the world .
But because failed to win a majority , Mr. Yeltsin will face Communist candidate Gennady Zyuganov in a runoff next month .
Mr. Yeltsin captured 35 percent of the vote and Zyuganov nearly 32 percent .
Former Soviet Army General Alexander Lebed finished third with close to 15 percent of the vote .
Democracy , of course , is new to Russia , but Russian voters appear to have sized up the candidates pretty much as voters in the West do , and the biggest issues were the economy and character .
CNN 's Claire Shipman reports from Moscow .
The Special Edition churns out what most Russians had already expected - round two , Yeltsin and Zyuganov .
He may be running the presses for a liberal paper , but to Viktor Skyorastan [ sp ] , the news of Yeltsin 's lead was disappointing .
He is a Zyuganov man .
Yeltsin promises a lot , but almost never comes through .
Viktor says his wages have dropped substantially in the last five years .
He ca n't even afford to take his family on a holiday .
Exit polls show that Russians cast their ballots overwhelmingly based on their pocketbooks .
Chechnya , even crime , paled by comparison .
Oxsuna [ sp ] and Amaryna [ sp ] gambled on Yeltsin and say they will again .
My life is simply better .
It 's not that I like him so much , but I do n't think it will get worse with him .
Lets just leave things the same .
The surge of support for General Alexander Lebed , though , seemed to reflect an equally deep desire for order .
We 've had the dictators and now the bandits .
We just need a normal , trustworthy person .
This life is hard enough without all the instability and worry about tomorrow .
Like they do with most everything else , Russians took the election results in stride , hardly surprised and not necessarily looking forward to another politically charged few weeks .
Thirty percent of the population did n't vote .
What would I vote for ?
I 'm an engineer , now a pensioner .
I live below the poverty line selling flowers .
But more than a million Russians - 1,142,000 , to be exact - were so fed up that they did vote for the uncandidate .
Mr. None of the Above came in in sixth on the ballot of 10 candidates .
Claire Shipman , CNN , Moscow .
Federal agents , state lawmakers , and others tried all kinds of ways to keep the Freemen talking through their 81-day standoff .
The content of those talks was largely kept secret , but a Colorado legislator gave CNN 's Jim Hill an inside glimpse .
Weeks before the 16 Freemen walked off their Montana ranch and into custody , their anger and threats spilled over in often heated negotiations .
You 're going to save my life by imprisoning me ?
Colorado State Senator Charles Duke recorded his mediation efforts .
In a room with 12 armed Freemen , he said he listened as they called government officials citizen prostitutes who had no jurisdiction over them .
I did n't stand up for this country to have a bunch of [ expletive deleted ] prostitutes put the American people out of here on their ass.
And they can take their [ expletive deleted ] warrants and shove them right up their [ expletive deleted ] where that 30.06 of mine is going to drill 'em .
Russ Landers is really getting agitated and I 'm not sure but what at some minute he 's going to say , `` And you 're one of them , ' and whip out his gun and plug me- I do n't think he would do that , but , certainly , the possibility is there .
On May 21 , the negotiations broke off.
When Duke failed in his efforts to mediate a settlement , he placed the blame squarely on the Freemen , saying many of them were not political idealists , but simply criminals trying to avoid prosecution .
With the talks over , the Freemen resumed their armed patrols , but Freeman Edwin Clark reportedly became a key force inside the ranch .
Duke said he and the FBI had tried to convince Clark to be a leader and counter the fiery actions of other Freemen , but Clark , apparently , agonized .
He did n't want violence , but did n't want to turn people over to authorities , either .
The day the mediations failed , Clark told Duke over the phone he was near despair .
I 've got very little faith left in me , and when I finally give up is when things goes to hell in a handbasket .
It created a great deal of stress on him .
He was n't comfortable with that role initially , and , in fact , it took a couple of weeks for him to finally assert himself .
Duke believes the turning point came when the Ward family and their two young girls left the ranch on June 6 .
Duke believes that success convinced Clark to press the others to surrender .
On June 14 , they did .
Jim Hill , CNN , Monument , Colorado .
It 's clear that the political contests are heating up here as the election approaches ; and added to the political mix of just normal election year politics are some other interesting factors , including Whitewater , a budding scandal over the use of the FBI potentially by the White House to uncover information about Republican rivals , and a whole lot more .
The result is a stronger showing in the polls for Bob Dole .
Joining me now to put some perspective on just what is going on in Washington , Steve Bell , who is the head of the Steve Bell Group .
He joins us every Monday morning .
Steve , good to have you with us.
Glad to be here .
Now , the latest polls that I 'm seeing and hearing about indicate that Mr. Clinton 's lead over Bob Dole has narrowed to single digits .
What 's going on ?
Well , I think we have to be careful about polls this far out from the election , but there 's no doubt that about three or four weeks ago , as we discussed before , the president 's momentum slowed drastically .
It was n't just the Whitewater investigation and the convictions that Starr got down in-- Special Prosecutor Ken Starr got down in Arkansas .
It was also the mistake of claiming the Soldiers and Sailors Act and active duty and all sorts of things like that .
The fact is , of course , Dole got a little boost by leaving the Senate ; and now we have a situation where the FBI files that have been used by the White House and sent back to the FBI have drawn criticism from Lou Freeh , the head of the FBI itself .
And this is another factor on top of what will be an interesting Whitewater report when it 's released officially tomorrow by the Whitewater committee of Congress .
Our understanding is that the Whitewater report indicates criminal charges should be considered for some senior administration officials .
Have you heard anything to that effect ?
Oh , yes .
The rumors are rampant , of course , over the weekend , with some of the document leaked , that as much as-- as many as two or three members of the White House staff could be or might be recommended for criminal prosecution .
And , of course , there 's still this subterranean notion around that perhaps Mrs. Clinton-- Hillary Rodham Clinton herself , the first lady-- would be indicted if the allegations in this report are true .
Do you believe that , Steve , or are you a little skeptical ?
You know , you just do n't know .
It 's so unprecedented , and so much of this has been coming out in dribs and drabs that it 's just hard to tell .
Certainly , between this and the FBI files and the next round of the trials on Whitewater down in Arkansas , the White House is going to be spending a lot of time on lawyers , and you do n't know how this will turn out , except they 're going to be pinned down , doing more legal work , probably , than campaign work inside the White House .
Whitewater 's been one problem for the presidency .
The other one , of course , reports about the FBI search of a number of people 's records , including those of past Republican officials .
Which one 's hurting the president more at this point ?
I really think you 're going to see more damage from the files and the FBI information that the White House retained .
This is a breach that smells a lot--
All right .
I regret that we have lost the ability to hear Steve ; and , in consequence , we will have to live without knowing his answer to that particular question , but it does n't matter , in a sense , because the president 's having a difficult time in the public opinion polls anyway .
We 'll have Steve back next Monday morning to bring us a little bit more information .
The Clinton administration has announced it is going to expand funding for an experimental program called the Brownfield Project [ sp ] , designed to spur investment in abandoned industrial sites .
Commentator John Chambers applauds the move .
For 15 years , I have practiced environmental law in Washington , D.C.
My practice has taken me from the halls of Congress to the maze of offices at EPA 's headquarters and into the federal courts that ultimately decide the validity of EPA 's interpretation of its congressional mandates .
In carrying out its role as primary protector of the environment , EPA dances to Congress ' tune .
Against this background , it is somewhat surprising that EPA would , on its own initiative , undertake a major new program as part of its brownfields action agenda .
`` Brownfields ' is a term used to refer to abandoned industrial sites that are no longer in productive use due to environmental problems .
They typically take the form of abandoned warehouses , factories or vacant , trash-strewn lots .
Those of us who live or work in cities pass by them daily .
The Government Accounting Office estimates that there are more than 450,000 brownfield sites located across the country .
Many of these sites are located in inner city communities where the population is primarily composed of poor and working class minority groups .
The idea is to develop solutions to the problems of urban blight caused in part by environmental policies that discouraged private investment in areas that had been hurt by contaminants from old industrial operations .
In addition to providing seed money for selected pilots , EPA set about the task of revising and clarifying its environmental clean-up and liability guidance to encourage buyers , lenders and developers to become involved in brownfield redevelopment projects .
It also spearheaded changes to the regulations implementing the Community Reinvestment Act to encourage greater participation by financial institutions .
The Clinton administration recently unveiled a new means to encourage brownfields redevelopment in the form of a tax incentive proposal .
My 15 years of practice as an environmental lawyer has taught me many things .
I realize that our collective lack of appreciation for the environment in the past has caused many of the problems we have today .
I also recognize that excessive regulation , especially in the area of environmental clean-ups can , and has , impeded progress that might otherwise have been undertaken voluntarily .
EPA 's brownfields action agenda represents an accommodation of interest in a way that creates incentives to do the right thing , not only for the environment , but for people hurt by the economic conditions that continue to prevail in many of the nation 's poor communities .
It is time for Congress to get into the act by providing sources of funding for an integrated approach to solving the growing problem of urban blight .
If federal legislation is passed to help the administration carry out its brownfields redevelopment initiatives , it will be one of those rare occasions when Congress has elected to dance to EPA 's tune .
John Chambers , an environmental lawyer in Washington , D.C.
Aside from what Senator Dole alluded to , for the most part , Bob Dole ignored the Whitewater and FBI files - the controversies that is - as he spent a second straight day courting California voters .
And , as our Bruce Morton explains , Dole 's strategy in the Golden State appears to be classic , as in the best Republican office is promoting a stronger defense .
This Lockheed plant in Sunnyvale , California , is working on the THAD [ sp ] missile , a more sophisticated version of the Patriot anti-missile used in the Gulf War .
But employment is down to about 10,000 , compared with 25,000 in 1986 .
Dole accused President Clinton of dragging his feet on missile defense .
Mr. Clintons opposition to a missile defense is one of the most negligent , short-sighted , irresponsible and potentially catastrophic policies in history .
And Dole said it encourages terrorists to think about missile attacks .
From Libya to Iraq to Iran to North Korea and elsewhere , a rogues gallery of terrorists and aggressive anti-American regimes , I believe , are in effect being encouraged by the administration 's attitude .
Dole made it clear that he would speed development of this plant 's THAD and of missile defense in general .
He also noted that people often do n't believe what politicians say and linked that with his decision to leave the U.S. Senate .
I decided that I could put my career on the line , because I think America 's future 's on the line .
That 's how important it is.
So I decided to role the dice , and I rolled the dice , and now it 's up to you .
Crowd reactions ?
Here are a few taken at random .
The guy has some ideas .
I think that 's part of the problem with a lot of politicians today .
They want to be president , but they do n't really seem to have an idea what they want to do when they get there , except to be president .
He 's very down to earth and I thought was very true to what the American people really want .
They want to have security in their lives .
Earlier , Dole stopped to visit a volunteer fire station , noting that both his father and grandfather had been firefighters .
Dole used this stop to say that Clinton 's defense policies have hurt California .
At other stops on this tour , he 'll say other Clinton policies have done the same thing in other areas .
From here , for instance , he goes to talk about agriculture .
Bruce Morton , CNN , Sunnyvale , California .
Once again , a breaking story here - an F-18 fighter has crashed and burned 25 miles northeast of St. Louis , Missouri - apparently , operated by McDonnell Douglas , the manufacturer of the aircraft .
With more on that , we turn to the Pentagon and our Jamie McIntyre .
Jamie , what do you have there ?
Well , very little additional information to add at this point , Miles , although Pentagon sources tell us this was not a U.S. military plane - that apparently , it was an older F-18 that had once been used by the Navy , but was now being leased back to McDonnell Douglas , who was using it for its own purposes .
Pentagon sources here tell us that the pilot of the plane , whose fate we still do n't know , was apparently a McDonnell Douglas test pilot , not a U.S. military pilot .
Other than that , sources here confirm that they 've heard the reports that the F-18 crashed in a residential area northeast of St. Louis , Missouri , in the town of Bethalto , Illinois , and that- of course , St. Louis is the headquarters of McDonnell Douglas , where the F-18 is manufactured .
McDonnell Douglas right now is working on a new model - a new , improved F-18 model .
This , however , was not one of those EF models - this was an older C model plane .
And we 're still waiting for details on whether the pilot escaped injury - was able to eject , and whether or not anyone was hurt on the ground .
Miles ?
Jamie , apparently they were trying to test out some kind of retro-fitting to this older C model .
Do we know anything about the nature of those tests ?
No , I do n't at this point , Miles .
We 've made some inquiries to McDonnell Douglas .
We called several times , and they have , at this point , not been willing to talk to us.
All they 'll say is that they 'll have to get back to us.
All right .
CNN 's Jamie McIntyre at the Pentagon - thanks for the details on that .
And we , of course , will continue to keep you posted on this story .
And we have late word at this hour that Dr. Jack Kevorkian has , apparently , attended the 31st suicide .
And joining us by the telephone now is Geoffrey Fieger , Dr. Kevorkian 's attorney .
Mr. Fieger , are you with us ?
Yes , I am.
Thank you for joining us.
Sure .
First of all , can you confirm that Dr. Kevorkian was present at this suicide ?
Yes .
Dr. Kevorkian and other members , including other physicians , were present , and assisted Betty Lou Hamilton [ sp ] of Columbus , Ohio , tonight end her years of suffering from a horrible disease that was destroying her spinal cord .
Can you tell us a little bit more about Ms. Hamilton ?
Who was she ?
She was 67-year-old woman who had suffered for years from a disease known as springo mayalia [ sp ] , which destroys the spinal cord .
She described it as having hundreds or thousands of ice picks tearing into her body .
She was treated for years at the Ohio State University pain clinic .
It is an incurable disease , and she has been counseling with Dr. Kevorkian for about six months .
Mr. Fieger , can you tell us how long Ms. Hamilton had been in contact with Dr. Kevorkian ?
About six months .
OK.
And where was the body found ?
It was n't found anywhere .
It was brought by her best friend to the Pontiac Osteopathic Hospital in Detroit- excuse me , in Pontiac , Michigan , where doctors confirmed the death and treated the family with a lot of dignity and respect and compassion .
All right , Mr. Fieger , thank you so much for joining us.
We 've been speaking with Geoffrey Fieger , who is Dr. Jack Kevorkian 's attorney .
The abortion issue is turning out to be especially divisive for Republicans in Texas .
It appears the party there is headed for a showdown at the state convention .
As our Paul Caron explains , the outcome will determine who will get to help to choose the party 's nominee this August .
Texas anti-abortion activists have taken a stand and drawn a line in the sand on the state Republican Party 's position on abortion .
This convention has decided to stand up and say , `` We 're not sending pro-aborts to San Diego to fight to change our party platform .
And the problem they face is Texas Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison .
I think a tolerance provision is very important for the Republican Party .
That has some Republicans wanting to block Hutchison out of the national convention as a delegate .
She should be pushed out .
I totally agree with that .
If she 's not for the family , that 's what we 're here for .
Delegates were asked to sign this pledge by anti-abortion advocates seeking to send a majority of their own delegates to San Diego .
But Hutchison has received a vote of confidence from the other Texas senator , Phil Gramm , who says , if Hutchison does n't go , neither will he .
I think we have heard from a very small minority , and unfortunately , they 're bullies .
Bill Price , head of the Texans United for Life , has spearheaded the fight against Hutchison .
In a reference to Gramm 's low-budget Democratic challenger , Price says if Gramm does n't go , some in the party wo n't mind .
Maybe he should buy a little white pickup and drive around Texas during the convention .
Anti-abortion activists in other states have had success in getting a majority of their own delegates to the national convention .
Hutchison could be the highest-ranking official to be shut out .
State party elders are pleading for unity .
We 've got some differences , and I want to mediate- help mediate that dispute and see if we can come out united for November , and that 's my goal .
Texas Governor George W. Bush says he wo n't tolerate a fight or even an embarrassment of keeping Senator Hutchison out .
There is no compromise as far as Kay Hutchison goes .
She ought to be a delegate to the national convention .
Hutchison 's following here may still think Kay is OK , but the controversy is n't the running start the state Republicans wanted in heading to the national convention .
Senator Hutchison did receive a warm welcome , though , from the crowd here .
But some delegates say , since Bob Dole made his plea for tolerance on the abortion issue in the Republican Party , that the stakes for them are even higher .
Paul Caron , CNN , San Antonio , Texas .
A royal update and more now from the insider columnist for People magazine , Mitchell Fink .
Hi , Mitchell .
Hi , Jim , and say what you will about Princess Diana , this is a woman who absolutely knows how to get the most out of a photo opportunity .
Take last week when Di visited Chicago .
It was no accident that the men she danced with were all at least her height or taller .
Di 's perspective partners had to be pre-approved before they could take their turn with her on the dance floor , meaning if anyone was shorter than Di , they were not approved and therefore did not make the cut .
And speaking of the royals , the Duchess of York , Sarah Ferguson , was in Los Angeles last week holed up at the Four Seasons Hotel and when she ventured out , I hear she visited some of the studios like Sony to have meetings involving TV projects .
Apparently Fergie very much wants to have a career in television .
And now speaking of the Four Seasons , Arnold Schwarzenegger sure did n't make a lot of friends there this past weekend during the press junket for his new movie Eraser .
The junket was held at the Four Seasons and I hear that when Schwarzenegger was n't busy boasting about himself to the journalists with whom he had contact , he was condescending to the people who are paid to follow him around .
Eraser , by the way , opens June 21st .
And finally I think it 's the funniest thing in the world that Steven Spielberg will not be going on the new $ 110 million Jurassic Park attraction when the ride has its press preview this weekend at Universal Studios Hollywood .
Although the attraction was designed to his specifications , Spielberg himself gets queasy around thrill rides , especially one like Jurassic Park , which climaxes with a drop of 84 feet into water .
I 'm Mitchell Fink and I really ca n't blame Steven for not wanting to go on.
I 'm busy just getting queasy reporting it.
I 'm with you , Mitchell .
Mitchell , yesterday we reported that Jim Carrey went to The Cable Guy premier with his old girlfriend Lauren Holly .
What are you hearing about their reunion ?
Well , they did go together .
You know , they were broken up for a while , but I think this is a very difficult time , Jim , for Jim Carrey .
You have to remember that it was a year ago , less than a year ago and Jim Carrey was catapulted into the heights of fame , the new $ 20 million man , he 's getting $ 20 million for Cable Guy and with a budget that 's probably only twice that , Jim Carrey is hearing negative stories now about Cable Guy .
There 's been a negative buzz about this movie for a long time .
You know it opens tomorrow , so we 'll all see .
But in the meantime , I do n't think he wants to be alone .
This is not a good time for him to be alone .
Who better than Lauren Holly to be with him ?
Good enough .
Thanks Mitchell .
We will see you next week .
All right .
Okay .
And we 'll see the rest of you right after this .
Do n't go away .
Thank you , Gillian Findlay , reporting live from Moscow .
The political fallout of this election will not just be felt within the Russian borders .
There are some very serious poll-watchers thousands of miles away in Washington , seriously hoping their man will win .
ABC 's David Ensor explains .
The possibility of a victory by the Communist candidate sends shivers not only through Yeltsin 's Kremlin , but through President Clinton 's White House , too .
A Communist victory would be bad news in an election year .
The immediate question from the Republicans would be `` Who lost Russia ? '
The political message sent by a Communist victory that will be hard for them to erase is they did n't get it right , and now there 's a new problem for U.S. foreign policy to deal with .
But the administration 's top expert on Russia , the President 's old friend , deputy secretary of state Strobe Talbott , says there are contingency plans in case of a Communist win , and that if they should abandon the road to reform , the U.S. would stop supporting loans for Russia .
I 'm quite sure that President Clinton will be able to drive home the point that his administration is prepared for any outcome .
Even if Yeltsin does win , it became clear this weekend policy towards Russia will be an issue in the U.S. presidential race .
For too long , President Clinton has delayed real action on enlarging NATO , putting the threats of Russian nationalists before the aspirations of democratic countries like Poland , the Czech republic , and Hungary .
I believe that there 's too much of a tendency to identify the future of Russia with one particular Russian leader .
U.S. officials always saw Yeltsin as imperfect , at best .
For years he drank on the job , ignored widespread corruption , and took the advice of cronies to launch in Chechnya a disastrous war .
But with his ratings in the single digits two months ago , Yeltsin sprang into action and impressed Russians with an energetic , skillful campaign .
Two months , ago , I mean , I was in panic .
Now we 're thinking about the future .
Still , of course , we keep our finger- fingers crossed , because everything could happen , you know , in our most unpredictable country .
Russia will be an issue in November , but a Communist victory here would make it even more of one .
Yet Clinton administration officials , with a major stake in the outcome , can do little more than wait and watch , as Russians make their choice .
David Ensor , ABC News , Moscow .
In an election in Romania today , there is more than the usual interest .
That 's because former tennis star Ilie Nastase is in the run-off election for mayor of Bucharest .
Although the tennis great is not expected to win , Nastase says he will stay in politics .
China and the U.S. are playing it down to the wire .
Trade talks in Beijing have still produced no agreement .
The U.S. has threatened to impose sanctions at noon on Monday , but officials could decide to make that noon our time , giving the talks another 12 hours to avert a trade war .
The U.S. wants China to crack down harder on factories pirating American CDs and films .
Still ahead on World News Sunday : Whitewater committee Republicans point an accusing finger at the First Lady ; a disturbing trend in the black church burnings ; and later , getting their kicks on Route 66 .
On this Father 's Day , we want to bring you the story of a difficult journey , a journey through the generations .
It 's going on in a prison in Pennsylvania .
Here 's ABC 's Alexander Johnson .
Sentenced to this prison in rural Pennsylvania , these men knew they faced hard time together , but they were surprised to learn what else they have in common .
I had no relationship with my father at all.
He beat me a lot as a child , very verbally abusive .
And what they also have in common with many juvenile offenders from this area .
Drugs and alcohol was more important than I was to him , and that- it really hurt- hurt inside .
And I would stick notes under his pillow saying , `` I hate you , I hope you die . '
Forced to their physical limits at this boot camp , these inmates must also face emotional tests , in a unique parenting program called HOPE .
We took these troubled youth who do n't have fathers , and brought them into the room to dads who do n't have their children .
Words these dads never had the courage to speak to their own fathers they now write and read out loud .
`` Dad , I have feelings .
They still hurt to this day .
The sad thing is , I grew up to be just like you . '
Many hate the fathers they have now become .
A good father would n't be in prison .
Right ?
So I do n't think I was selling drugs , no.
For most of the men , confronting their past is the most painful part of the parenting program , but it 's also the first step in resolving the rage they feel toward their fathers , and the shame with their own children .
`` It might seem strange , getting a letter from someone you have n't seen or heard from in over 10 years .
It might seem even stranger , knowing that person is your father . '
John Mitchell was convicted of telemarketing fraud .
With 17-year-old Erin playing the part of his daughter , he reads a letter he 's too afraid to send .
`` Because I did n't have the courage to talk to my own daughter . '
The roles reversed , John then listens to Erin , who abused drugs when communication with her father failed .
`` And all the bad things I did was just a cry for my father to come and wrap his arms around me , and tell me he loved me . '
Lessons about how to build healthy relationships , lessons John and the other inmates , who graduated back to society this week , must now put to use at home .
I do n't know if I can be the perfect dad .
I will do my best each day , and the important thing I 've learned is to keep an open ear , communicate , and just love .
A second chance at fatherhood .
Alexander Johnson , ABC News , Lewisburg , Pennsylvania .
Mrs. Clinton is at the center of this investigation , along with her husband , partly because she had such an independent life of her own - first as a private lawyer in Arkansas , and then as an extremely active and politically involved First Lady .
ABC 's Michele Norris tonight on some of the questions .
The questions started from the very beginning , when the Clintons were campaigning four years ago .
Can we ask Mrs. Clinton ?
Sure .
Ask her whatever you want .
On the issue of Whitewater , Mrs. Clinton denied representing her partner Jim McDougal 's bank before Arkansas state regulators .
My firm has done work for the bank .
That 's right .
And I have done work for the bank not related to the state at all.
But the billing records recently found in the private quarters at the White House contradict that claim , showing that she did contact the state 's chief regulator on behalf of that bank .
On the travel office firings two years ago , the First Lady claimed under oath that she had nothing to do with it.
And again , that claim was challenged by a memo from a White House staffer which quoted Mrs. Clinton as saying , `` We need those people out .
We need our people in. '
And in the wake of Vincent Foster 's suicide , there was testimony that documents were removed from his office ; a charge Mrs. Clinton denied .
But under congressional inquiry , some of the First Lady 's closest advisers undercut her credibility with a collective case of amnesia .
I do n't remember .
I do n't recall .
I have no firm recollection .
The Clintons accuse their critics of bombarding them with a never-ending stream of questions to keep them on the defensive .
But an examination of the First Lady 's statements suggest that problems like Whitewater stay afloat because while the questions keep coming , the answers often change .
Michele Norris , ABC News , Washington .
Now , for his part , Bob Dole is campaigning in the Golden State , hoping to cut into Bill Clinton 's lead in the polls .
A new survey shows the president leading Dole by 23-percentage points in California in a two-man race , 57 percent to 34 percent .
A year ago , Dole lead Mr. Clinton in California 47 percent to 42 percent .
Our man Bruce Morton is in Woodland Hills , California , with the Dole campaign .
Bruce , any reaction to these poll numbers ?
Well , Bernie , what they say is , first of all , one poll is one poll , and it 's just that - a moment in time .
It may be accurate , it may not .
The second thing is , this is a Field [ sp ] poll , and some of the staff people say they have reservations about Mervin Field 's [ sp ] polls .
He has been famously wrong once or twice in the past , so they really are tending to downplay it.
It does n't , of course , reflect this California swing .
This is , really , the start of Mr. Dole 's California campaign .
Ken Kachigian is aboard as the man in charge .
He has a plan - where you go , what to do , what to talk about .
And Dole , who is notoriously undisciplined as a speaker , everything seems to wander all over the lot , this time has been very good about that .
He is not talking about Whitewater , he is not even talking about the FBI files .
He was on message , a defensive end , a farm event , and this morning 's issue - illegal immigration .
If the federal government does n't want the responsibility of taking control of our borders , then maybe they ought to turn it over to the states .
But as long as the federal government has it - and I believe we should have it - we ought to be able to control the borders , and we should n't stick the states with billions and billions of dollars of extra expenses , particularly a state as large as California .
Because each year an additional 300,000 individuals are in our country illegally - not legally , illegally .
And about of them come to California .
And each illegal entry into this country is an affront , not just to the laws of the United States , but to every immigrant who did the right thing , played by the rules , and came to this country legally .
As far as being down in the polls is concerned , there is also some recent history in California that suggests the voters are in a flighty mood .
Governor Pete Wilson was behind Kathleen Brown by 23 points .
He wound up beating her by 15 .
That 's a 38-point swing , and Kachigian and others who are working on the Dole campaign love to talk about those numbers .
Bernie ?
Thank you , Bruce Morton in Woodland Hills , California .
A national survey shows that managed care health plans are a bargain compared to more traditional health insurance and for some patients they are easier to use .
But as CNN Medical Correspondent Dan Rutz reports , not all doctors think HMOs are good for their patient 's health .
This doctor saved a man 's life - not with medicine , but by taking on the insurance bureaucracy that had given up on him .
And I told him that I had a hard time dealing with a 39-year-old person who wants to live , and just not even trying .
Steven Herod was dying of heart failure , which had caused his stomach to swell to grotesque proportions .
Herod says his HMO considered his condition too complicated and too expensive to handle .
They told you it was not-
-They told me it was not treatable , and they just- you know , they basically did n't want to have anything to do with me , I 'll tell you the truth .
What they did n't tell him was that if he got some very experienced surgeon , who had- you know , who could do this fancy kind of surgery , that that was a possibility .
Deerfield , who was on duty when Herod arrived in the hospital emergency room , went to bat for him , and with the help of a congressional aide , found the money to pay for his life-saving operation .
She says she 's one of the few doctors around willing to lock horns with the managed care establishment , because she has cut all ties to it.
I had a year contract , and it was so bad that I would come home crying almost every night , telling my husband about this patient or that , or-
Deerfield quit in disgust over common managed care practices , such as paying bonuses to doctors for not referring patients to specialists , creating roadblocks that lead to delayed or denied care , and so-called `` gag rules , ' preventing doctors from telling patients about treatments not automatically covered by the HMO .
At a time when nearly nine out of ten doctors are under at least one managed care contract , Deerfield is becoming a rare breed among doctors .
And , in fact , people that are normally patient advocates are discouraged , either because of the gag law , or because of peer pressure .
As more and more doctors sign up with managed care plans for economic survival , Deerfield says she 'll take her chances on the outside .
She says she 'd rather quit medicine entirely than practice on terms she cannot accept .
Dan Rutz , CNN , Los Angeles .
Sunday will be a day for Greeks to remember their long-time former prime minister , Andreas Papandreou .
He has died at the age of 77 after months of failing health .
CNN 's David Compton now joins us with a look back at a colorful and controversial political figure .
Andreas Papandreou was educated in the United States at Harvard .
He became a power player in Greek politics in 1974 , when he founded the socialist Pasok party .
He would rule the socialists with an iron grip for more than two decades .
In 1981 , he took the nation by storm .
His socialists came to power in a landslide election victory and Andreas Papandreou was Greek prime minister .
At various times , he vowed to pull Greece out of NATO and the European Union , promises he never kept but which won him fanatical support at home .
Health problems sapped some of his once boundless energy .
He had open-heart surgery in London in 1988 .
After leaving the hospital , he arrived back in Greece in true Papandreou style - with his young mistress , a former airline flight attendant , at his side .
He divorced his wife and declared this mistress the new first lady of Greece .
He married her a year later .
Scandals about his private life he could fight off.
It was a political scandal that forced Papandreou out of power .
In 1989 , he was accused of helping to embezzle hundreds of millions of dollars .
With the scandal hanging over his head , and the economy turning sour , the socialists fell out of favor and Papandreou became Greece 's former prime minister .
It was a title he would not hold for long .
In 1992 , he was cleared of any connection to the financial scandal and was once again elected prime minister .
But time had mellowed the fiery Papandreou .
He still knocked heads with European and U.S. leaders , but his rhetoric had been toned down .
He even began to court the approval and economic help of other Western nations , and talked of privatizing some state-run industries .
In his final years , Papandreou shied away from public appearances and Cabinet meetings became less and less frequent .
In the end , it was failing health , not political rivals , that ended the Papandreou era .
David Compton , CNN , reporting .
Ted Kaczynski has a new home while he awaits his first trial on attacks linked to the Unabomber .
The Montana recluse has been transported to California amid heavy security .
With the help of CNN affiliate KCRA , our Don Knapp joins us now live from Sacramento with a look at what 's next .
Jill , Ted- Theodore Kaczynski is not very far from us right now .
He 's in the building behind me .
He 's up on the eighth floor in a jail cell .
It 's the Sacramento County Jail , where he has been since about mid-day today .
But as close as we are , it is unlikely we will have any more photo ops- as a sheriff 's sergeant said to me earlier today , any more photo ops of the man known as the Unabomb suspect .
A U.S. marshal 's jet plane brought Kaczynski from Montana a day earlier than expected .
Following a hearing in Helena Friday , marshals here said Kaczynski would arrive Monday evening .
He arrived at about 11 Pacific time Sunday morning at Mather [ sp ] Field about 15 miles east of Sacramento .
Officers took the Unabomb suspect into an armored vehicle and drove in a seven-car motorcade to Sacrament 's County jail .
While he 's charged with some very egregious crimes , his conduct in custody has been quite the contrary .
He 's very placid , calm , sedentary , all the time .
Does nothing more than read .
Kaczynski occupies a cell on the eighth floor with a window that provides a view of Sacramento , a town where two Unabomb victims died .
We may have seen the last new pictures of Kaczynski .
Plans call for trips to court to begin in a garage beneath the county jail and end in a garage beneath the federal courthouse , places where cameras are not allowed .
Kaczynski faces charges contained in a 10-count federal indictment naming him as the person responsible for transporting bombs and bomb parts from Montana to California and mailing them to victims .
In all , the Unabomb task force says the Unabomb suspect was responsible for some 23 injuries and three deaths over a 17-year period .
Jill , back to you .
Thanks very much , Don .
The fuss over secret FBI files inside the White House grew louder today .
One key Republican now contends some of the records contain private taxpayer documents .
If true , some White House staffers could face criminal inquiries .
A post-Watergate law makes it illegal for anyone to look at your tax papers without permission .
CNN 's Mark Feldstein looks into this growing election-year embarrassment for the White House .
Secret files obtained by the White House on officials from Republican administrations allegedly included IRS as well as FBI records .
In a letter to FBI Director Louis Freeh , Republican Senator Charles Grassley says his Judiciary Committee staff discovered IRS documents while reviewing the controversial files .
Grassley wants an explanation .
The FBI declined to comment to CNN.
White House Spokesman Mark Fabiani said he does n't know if any of the disputed files also include confidential tax information , because the White House has now returned all of its files to the FBI .
FBI files are one thing - that 's bad enough .
But IRS files are worse .
Don Alexander was the IRS commissioner under President Richard Nixon .
Nixon used the IRS to dig up dirt on political opponents .
Alexander then helped pass post-Watergate reforms to prevent that from happening again .
I do n't want some clowns in the White House , however high they might be , to go back to some days that I thought were finished forever in this country .
I was dumb enough and naive enough to believe that Watergate and some of its abuses could not happen again .
Now , I question that belief .
It 's unclear exactly what IRS records actually made their way to the White House , how many files are involved , or how they got there in the first place .
Officials are still trying to track all of the FBI files that ended up at the White House .
Last week , a source close to former White House security chief Craig Livingstone told CNN that the White House still has n't released the names of at least five other key Republicans whose FBI files they obtained .
The White House says it 's turned over everything it has .
On Monday , Republican Congressman William Clinger requested that the White House provide still more documents on the affair , including records of any reprimands of Livingstone .
Sources tell CNN that Livingstone was reviewed months ago by an administration official for talking about the sensitive background reports .
It all heats up further this week .
Two congressional committees plan for the first time to hear public testimony from the White House officials involved .
Sources say some will have to be subpoenaed to testify .
Mark Feldstein , CNN , Washington .
The junk bond market heating up as well .
Companies have issued $ 19 billion of junk bonds so far this year .
That 's a gain of 70 percent from a year ago .
Kathleen Behof reports from Chicago .
Retailers , drug makers , cable companies - they 're all issuing high-yield bonds at a frantic pace .
The amount of junk issued so far this year is up 72 percent from last year .
Companies , especially media , telecommunications and cable , need money to fund growth .
Many of these companies had done initial public offerings of stock last year .
They are so capital-intensive though , they need more cash to go forward - building wire , building cable and bringing television programming all- to- to countries all over the world .
They 're having an easy time finding buyers .
Sales of junk bond mutual funds are outpacing corporate bonds , while government , municipal and mortgage bond mutual funds are reporting a net outflow of money .
High yields are vastly outperforming other bonds .
Fixed income experts say investors are chasing yield , but they 're also looking for a way to diversify portfolios .
When K-Mart recently issued $ 1 billion of convertible preferred securities that yielded 7.75 percent , buyers were waiting in line .
What makes a more efficient portfolio , to add this asset class to an existing portfolio .
And , we 're seeing some of that , we believe , in- in terms of these very high weekly cash flows into the high-yield sector of the bond market .
Quality is getting better in the high-yield sector .
That 's because corporate cash flows are improving due to a strong economy .
Experts say this year 's pace is not likely to beat the record reached in 1993 , but investor demand will remain robust .
Kathleen Behof , CNN Financial News , Chicago .
The New York Stock Exchange is looking into whether the Bank of New York gave preferential treatment to large investors .
Earlier this week , in a conference call with analysts , the bank said it boosted credit card reserves by $ 350 million .
The problem - that conference call took place before the markets closed .
The news was not released to the public until after the closing bell .
That , of course , gave big investors an unfair advantage in trading of stock .
Bank of New York today said it regrets the move and is taking steps to prevent a recurrence .
Victory for small pharmacies all across the country .
A federal judge today approved a $ 351 million settlement against big drug makers .
That deal would also give small pharmacies the same drug discounts offered to HMOs , hospitals and mail order retailers .
The first settlement , struck in May , did not give the drug stores equal access to pricing deals .
Hello , I 'm Carolyn O'Neil and welcome to On The Menu .
You know with summer officially upon us , it 's time to head outdoors and fire up the backyard grill .
It not only gets you out of that hot kitchen , but according to the Barbecue Industry Association , 91 percent of folks say that they like to cook outdoors because they love the taste of grilled foods .
But cooking outside means moving further from the refrigerator and that means you have to pay closer attention to summer food safety .
It 's summertime and the grilling 's easy .
But whether you 're flipping fish or a backyard burger , summer is no time to relax when it comes to food safety .
It 's not clear whether picnicking and backyard cookouts are to blame , but according to the United States Department of Agriculture , there is an increase in reported cases of many food-borne illnesses between May and September .
So to keep summer foods safe , here are some timely tips .
When cooking ground beef , make sure it 's thoroughly cooked .
Undercooked hamburger can be a source of the deadly bacteria E. coli 0157H7 .
It 's very difficult to test the temperature , the internal temperature of a hamburger .
So the best surrogate that we 've found is the color of the meat and if you cook your hamburger or if you ask for your hamburger brown in the middle , you really cut your chances , your risk of getting E. Coli 157H7 or some of the other E. coli .
And with more than just burgers on the grill , it 's important to pick up skills in cooking other meats .
The Pork Producers Council recommends using a meat thermometer to make sure pork is cooked to an internal temperature of at least 155 degrees .
Then you can learn the tongue test .
I will take my tongs or my fork and I 'll simply touch the surface of the pork chop , as I 'm doing here to this chop I just took off the grill .
If there 's a little bit of give , just like that , I know that they 're done perfectly .
If there 's a lot of give to the pork chop , that means you need to put it back on the grill and if it 's real hard , then you know you 've gone too far .
